A Healthy Internet is Secure and Private
The Internet only stays healthy if we trust it as a safe place – to explore, transact, connect, and create.
The Internet only stays healthy if we trust it as a safe place – to explore, transact, connect, and create. Our privacy and security online is under constant threat. But there’s something you can do about it: get informed, protect yourself, and make your voice heard.
A healthy Internet depends on you.
Here are three areas where we can make a difference.
User Control
Cyber Security
Government Surveillance
User Control: Deciding who can collect your data
We should all be able to choose – with clarity and confidence – what information we share with what companies, understanding the tradeoffs we’re making when we do.
Right now, we all lack meaningful choice online – privacy policies are often miles long and hard to read, we don’t understand what information we’re sharing or when, and opting out is seldom on the menu.
91% of adults agree that consumers have lost control of how personal information is collected and used by companies.
Source: Pew Research Center, May 2015
91%
What you can do about user control
Control your apps
Make sure your mobile apps access only the info they need. Control your privacy and location settings on iOS and Android.
Manage your preferences
Know your settings. You can manage your profile and preferences for Google, Yahoo! and Facebook ads.
Know your settings. You can manage your profile and preferences for Google, Yahoo! and Facebook ads, and even edit data that’s been collected about you by Acxiom, one of the world’s largest marketing data brokers.
What Mozilla is doing about user control
Writing our own policy
Writing our own privacy policy in clear, understandable language.
Creating supportive products
Walking the talk with our own products, with features like the Forget Button, and Firefox Focus, our private browser for iOS.
Educating the industry
Encouraging and educating the industry about lean data practices.
Cyber Security: Locking down your sensitive information
We should all have the ability to protect our online identity.
At this point, it feels like we’ve all been victims of a cyberattack somewhere, somehow. Data breaches can lay bare the passwords of millions of people, often going undiscovered for years. Which means your identity may be at risk of theft without you even knowing it.
Breaches affected hundreds of millions of accounts in 2013-2016. In December 2016, the biggest breach in history was reported: 1 billion accounts.
Source: Wikipedia, List of data breaches, 2013-2016
1B
What you can do about cyber security
Choose strong passwords
Choose strong, unique pins and passwords, and use a password manager. (Note: we haven’t tried them all – see what works for you.)
Use 2-factor authentication
An extra step goes a long way. For the best protection, take advantage of 2-factor authentication wherever it’s offered.
What Mozilla is doing about cyber security
Supporting encryption
Educating about the value of encryption, and advocating for its universal adoption.
Educating the industry about lean data practices.
Government Surveillance: Keeping prying eyes and ears out of your business
We should all have the freedom to be ourselves — online and off – without surveillance, judgment and imposed societal bias.
You wouldn’t want the government following your every move in real life – there’s no reason they should be shadowing you on the Internet. The Edward Snowden disclosures showed that even democracies can and do take liberties with your privacy.
Just four in 10 (38%) of internet users trust that their activities on the internet are not being monitored.
Source: CIGI-Ipsos, 2016
38%
What you can do about government surveillance
Encrypt your data
Choose apps that keep your conversations encrypted. Here’s a list.
 Choose strong, unique pins and passwords, and use a password manager. (Note: we haven’t tried all the options on these lists – see what works for you.)
What Mozilla is doing about government surveillance
Advocating for reform
Recommending reform at the policy level to improve government disclosure of security vulnerabilities.
Calling on lawmakers
Calling on lawmakers all over the globe to rein in mass surveillance, and helping to pass the USA Freedom Act.
Partnering with educators
Cohosting talks with Stanford’s Center for Internet and Society about government hacking.
Hungry for more?
Keep reading about Privacy and Security in our Internet Health Report.
