Your email address:
Available Languages
Language:
Select country
Country:
Sign me up!
We will only send you Mozilla-related information.
Thanks for Subscribing!
Your newsletter subscription has been confirmed.
Firefox and You
A monthly newsletter and special announcements giving you tips to improve your experience with Firefox on your desktop and Android device.
Firefox OS News
A monthly newsletter and special announcements on how to get the most from your Firefox OS device, including the latest features and coolest Firefox Marketplace apps.
Mozilla Communities
Bringing you the best new opportunities to help support the open Web.
Firefox Student Ambassadors
A monthly newsletter on how to get involved with Mozilla on your campus.
A monthly newsletter to keep you up to date with the Firefox Affiliates program.
Firefox Apps and Hacks
News for developers about Firefox OS, Firefox Marketplace and the Open Web apps ecosystem.
Mozillians
Firefox for desktop
Don’t miss the latest announcements about our desktop browser.
Firefox for Android
Keep up with releases and news about Firefox for Android.
Special announcements and messages from the team dedicated to keeping the Web free and open.
Firefox OS smartphone owner?
Don’t miss important news and updates about your Firefox OS device.
Beta News
Manage your Newsletter Subscriptions
Manage your Email Preferences
We love sharing updates about all the awesome things happening at Mozilla.
Set your preferences below to make sure you always receive the news you want.
Newsletters
Getting too much email from us?
Not interested in our newsletters, but like those special announcements? No problem.
We can keep in touch with occasional messages that matter most to you.
Check all categories that apply to you, and we promise to keep the mail to a minimum.
I’m interested in:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Remove me from all Mozilla emails
Save Preferences
Thanks for updating your email preferences.
You send too many emails.
Your content wasn't relevant to me.
Your email design was too hard to read.
I didn't sign up for this.
I'm keeping in touch with Mozilla on Facebook and Twitter instead.
Submit
Thanks for telling us why you’re leaving.
Thanks! Please check your inbox to confirm your subscription.
You'll receive an email from mozilla@e.mozilla.org to confirm your subscription. If you don't see it, check your spam filter. You must confirm your subscription to receive our newsletter.
Please be sure to add our sending address: mozilla@e.mozilla.org to your address book to ensure we always reach your inbox.
The supplied link has expired. You will receive a new one in the next newsletter.
Something is amiss with our system, sorry! Please try again later.
Englishandnbsp;only
Newsletter Subscriptions
Newsletter confirm
Format:
You’ve been unsubscribed.
We’re sorry to see you go.
Would you mind telling us why you’re leaving?
Other…
While here, why not check out some more Firefox awesomeness.
Get up and go
It’s your Web anywhere you go.
Get Firefox for mobile!
Added extras
Make Firefox do more with add-ons.
Find out how!
About us
What’s Mozilla all about?
We’re glad you asked!
A monthly newsletter packed with tips to improve your Firefox experience.
Firefox OS news, tips, launch information and where to buy.
Be the first to know when Firefox is available for iOS devices.
Discover the latest, coolest HTML5 apps on Firefox OS.
Get a weekly tip on how to super-charge your Firefox experience.
Read about the latest features for Firefox desktop and mobile before the final release.
News from the Mozilla Project.
Periodic email updates about our annual international film competition.
Email updates for vouched Mozillians on mozillians.org.
Former University program from 2008-2011, now retired and relaunched as the Firefox Student Ambassadors program.
