The new, fast browser for Mac, PC and Linux
Responsive engine, less memory usage and packed with features. Download for desktop now.
The New Firefox
Meet Firefox Quantum.
Fast for good.
Download now
What’s new?
A powerful, new engine that’s built for rapidfire performance.
Better, faster page loading that uses less computer memory.
Gorgeous design and smart features for intelligent browsing.
“Faster and even more minimalist, Firefox Quantum makes Chrome look old.”
(Digital Trends)
Screenshot of the redesigned Firefox new-tab page.
Now 2x faster
Crazy powerful browser engine? Check. Less time waiting around for pages to load? Also, check. Firefox Quantum is twice as fast as Firefox was before.
2x Faster
Crazy powerful browser engine? Check. Less time waiting around for pages to load? Also, check. Get the best Firefox yet.
30% lighter than Chrome
Less memory usage means more space for your computer to keep running smoothly. Your other programs will thank you.
Smooth browsing
Whether you’ve opened 10 or 1000, switching between tabs is faster than ever with Firefox’s new, responsive engine.
Firefox screenshot showing many open tabs and browser windows running simultaneously.
Switch from Chrome to Firefox in just a few minutes
Switching to Firefox is fast, easy and risk-free. Firefox imports your bookmarks, autofills, passwords and preferences from Chrome.
Moving browsers? We got you.
Instantly import your online info and favorites from any other browser.
Bookmarks
Auto Fill
Passwords
History
Seriously Private Browsing
The most powerful private browsing mode with added tracking protection.
Firefox blocks online trackers while you browse and won’t remember your history after you’re done.
Tracking Protection
Some ads have hidden trackers that follow you online. Rude. We know. That’s why our powerful tool stops them cold.
Faster Page Loading
By blocking some ads and scripts that bog down browsing, pages load up to 44%% faster. Now that’s a win-win.
Firefox Quantum features
Gaming and VR
Library
Uncomplicate screenshots. Take and share them directly from Firefox. That means no more searching for mysterious file names on your computer.
Built right into the toolbar, it’s the ultimate save-for-later feature. View your articles, videos and pages across any device.
Engineered for next-gen gaming, Firefox has built-in support for WASM and WebVR. No additional installation needed!
Save time! Find all your favorite content like Pocket saves, bookmarks, browsing history, screenshots and downloads in one spot.
Customization Features
Extensions
Customize Firefox with thousands of extensions like LastPass, uBlock Origin, Evernote and more.
Make over Firefox to suit your mood! Choose a new look from our theme categories or create your own.
Toolbar
Set up Firefox your way. Drag and drop features in and out of your toolbar for easy access.
Sync your devices
Seamlessly access passwords, bookmarks and more. Plus, use our Send Tabs feature to instantly share open tabs between desktop, mobile and tablet.
Image of Gif shared from desktop to mobile using the Send Tab feature.
Browse for good
Firefox is made by Mozilla, the non-profit champions of a healthy internet. Mozilla also tackles issues like privacy, misinformation and trolling by investing in fellowships, campaigns and new technologies designed to make the internet healthier.
