Mobile browsers for iOS and Android
Download Firefox and Firefox Focus for mobile and tablet.
Firefox for mobile.
Fast for good.
Firefox for mobile
The speed you need with the privacy you want on all your devices.
Available on iOS and Android.
Choose one or download them all for iOS and Android.
Full-featured. Customizable. Lightning fast. Browse without compromise.
Get Firefox
See more
Firefox Focus
Automatic ad blocking and tracking protection on an easy-to-use private browser.
Get Firefox Focus
The full-featured version of Firefox with robust customization and privacy options ready to go for mobile and tablet.
Firefox mobile
Download now
Sync
Privacy
Extensions
Previous
Next
iOS and Android
Add Firefox to all your devices for seamless browsing.
Easy access to your favorite bookmarks, saved passwords, browsing history and more.
Send Tabs easily lets you share open tabs between mobile and desktop.
Control what you share online with the most powerful Private Browsing mode with added Tracking Protection.
Stops ads that track and follow you around the Internet.
Won’t remember your browsing history or save cookies after you’re done.
Built-in tracking protection and block lists provided by Disconnect.
Extensions and Customization
Android only
Break out of the browser box. From emojis to productivity tools, personalize Firefox to suit your style.
Choose from thousands of tools like ad blockers, video downloaders and password managers.
Themes
Match Firefox to your mood. Get a new look from our theme categories or create your own.
Blocks ads with trackers. Automatically. Plus, it can even speed up page loading. Get the private browser that has your back.
Automatic Privacy
Speed
Lightweight
Browse stress free. Powerful privacy features are always on and your browsing history is wiped after every session.
Automatically blocks ads that have sneaky hidden trackers that collect data.
One tap erases your cookies and browsing history.
Get more done. By blocking some ads and scripts, Tracking Protection can speed up your browsing.
Fewer elements can mean faster loading pages.
Save your mobile memory for the memories. Firefox Focus takes up less selfie space on your phone.
Small, yet powerful at less than 5MB.
Send Firefox to your phone and unleash your internet.
Send Firefox Focus to your phone and unleash your internet.
Scan the QR code to get started.
Download the APK
Download on the App Store
