Built for those who build the Web. The only browser made for developers like you.
Firefox Quantum: Developer Edition
Welcome to your new favorite browser. Get the latest features, fast performance, and the development tools you need to build for the open web.
Firefox Developer Edition automatically sends feedback to Mozilla.
Faster Performance
A Next-Generation CSS Engine
Firefox has been rebuilt from the ground up to be faster and more powerful than ever. This includes a new CSS engine that has state-of-the-art innovations and is blazingly fast.
New Tools
Firefox DevTools
Learn more about Firefox developer tools
The new Firefox DevTools are powerful, flexible, and best of all, hackable. This includes a best-in-class JavaScript debugger, which can target multiple browsers and is built in React and Redux.
The new Firefox DevTools are powerful, flexible, and best of all, hackable. This includes a best-in-class JavaScript debugger, which can target multiple browsers and is built in React and Ember.
Innovative Features
Master CSS Grid
Learn more about CSS Grid
Firefox is the only browser with tools built specifically for building and designing with CSS Grid. These tools allow you to visualize the grid, display associated area names, preview transformations on the grid and much more.
Design. Code. Test. Refine.
Build and Perfect your sites with Firefox DevTools
Inspector
Inspect and refine code to build pixel-perfect layouts.
Learn more about Page Inspector
Console
Track CSS, JavaScript, security and network issues.
Learn more about Web Console
Debugger
Powerful JavaScript debugger with support for your framework.
Learn more about JavaScript Debugger
Network
Monitor network requests that can slow or block your site.
Learn more about Network Monitor
Storage panel
Add, modify and remove cache, cookies, databases and session data.
Learn more about Storage Panel
Responsive Design Mode
Test sites on emulated devices in your browser.
Learn more about Responsive Design View
Visual Editing
Fine-tune animations, alignment and padding.
Learn more about Visual Editing
Performance
Unblock bottlenecks, streamline processes, optimize assets.
Learn more about Performance Tools
Memory
Find memory leaks and make your application zippy.
Learn more about Memory Tools
Web Audio
The only developer tool for inspecting the Web Audio API.
Learn more about Web Audio Editor
Scratchpad
Edit, write, run and execute JavaScript in real time.
Learn more about Scratchpad
Style Editor
Edit and manage all your CSS stylesheets in your browser.
Learn more about Style Editor
Speak up
Feedback makes us better. Tell us how we can improve the browser and Developer tools.
Join the conversation
Get involved
Help build the last independent browser. Write code, fix bugs, make add-ons, and more.
Start now
Download the Firefox browser made for developers
Firefox Developer Edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like CSS Grid support and framework debugging
Welcome to the all-new Firefox Quantum: Developer Edition
Firefox has been rebuilt from the ground-up to be faster, sleeker, and more powerful than ever.
Firefox Devtools
Next-Gen CSS Engine
Get developer news, tricks and resources  sent straight to your inbox.
A Next-Generation CSS Engine (hint: it’s fast)
Firefox Quantum includes a new CSS engine, written in Rust, that has state-of-the-art innovations and is blazingly fast.
Want to be on the cutting-edge?
Firefox Nightly receives daily updates and allows you to access features months before they go mainstream.
Congrats. You now have Firefox Quantum: Developer Edition.
This isn’t just an update. This is Firefox Quantum: A brand new Firefox that has been rebuilt from the ground-up to be faster, sleeker, and more powerful than ever.
