Get Involved with Mozilla Today
Try something simple
more info
Connect with Mozilla on Twitter
Stay connected with the @StartMozilla team for news, announcements and opportunities.
Use Firefox on your phone
Get the features you love and the privacy you trust on your iPhone, iPad and Android device.
Discover why we can’t live without encryption
Find out more about how encryption works, why it’s essential and what you can do to help protect it.
Try something more challenging
Watch someone live hack on Firefox
Firefox engineer Mike Conley livehacks and crushes bugs where he finds them in this unscripted, uncensored, true-to-life video series.
Learn a bit about coding
Explore the new Firefox Developer Edition tools that take the pain out of CSS animation.
Start using the Mozilla Stumbler app
Mozilla Stumbler is an open-source wireless network scanner which collects GPS, cellular and wireless network metadata for our crowd-sourced location database.
Mozilla Participation Tasks
I want to pick a different task.
Try another task?
Keep in touch with Mozilla. Sign up for our newsletter.
Find your local Mozilla community.
The Mozilla newsletter is currently available in English only.
Tweet to @StartMozilla and see how your technical skills can contribute
There are so many ways to get involved with Mozilla and support the browser. If you’re ready to fix your first bug, tweet @StartMozilla to get connected with the perfect starting bug for you.
Tweet This
I’m raising my hand to contribute to Mozilla! @startmozilla tell me how I can join you to help protect the open web.
Share on Twitter
Follow @startmozilla on Twitter
Follow @startmozilla
Thanks for following
Install Firefox for iOS or Android
Use Firefox on your iOS or Android phone and tablet
Firefox is the independent mobile browser and by using this you’re supporting Mozilla’s mission and creating a browsing experience that is private and personal.
Add Firefox to your Android and iOS devices
Download on the App Store
Thanks for installing Firefox
Learn About Encryption
Sign the pledge and stand up for strong encryption.
Encryption is how we keep our personal information safe and private. Please join us in the fight to protect it.
Learn more about encryption, why it’s essential and why we need to protect it.
Learn more about encryption, why it’s essential and why we need to protect it.
Become an encryption champion
Take the pledge
Thank you for taking the pledge
Get involved
Watch: The Joy of Coding
Watch The Joy of Coding, then discuss it with other Mozillians
Anyone can contribute to Firefox by finding and fixing errors that people report via Bugzilla. Watch a demonstration of a Firefox engineer live hacking to see what it’s all about.
Watch the intro.
@mike_conley livehacks on real Firefox bugs while thinking out loud.
View more Joy of Coding videos on Air Mozilla
Join the Coding Community and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Join the Coding Community and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Thanks for watching
Thanks for getting involved
Go to Dev Tools Challenger Page
Try out our new animation editing tools in Developer Tools Challenger
The more you know about the web, the easier it is to make it your own. Participate in the web by testing your web literacy skills using the new tools in Firefox Developer Edition.
Download Firefox Dev Edition
Dev Tools requires Firefox Developer Edition desktop browser. To try this task, download Firefox Developer Edition first.
Go to Dev Tools Challenger
Visit Dev Tools Challenger
Join the Webdev Contribute Group and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Join the Webdev Contribute Group and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Thanks for taking the challenge
Get it on Google Play
Install Mozilla Stumbler for Android
Map the wireless networks in your neighborhood.
Install Mozilla Stumbler
Learn more about Mozilla Location Services and discover more ways to get involved.
Learn more about Mozilla Location Services and discover more ways to get involved.
Thank you for installing Mozilla Stumbler
