Firefox for Android
Welcome
Mobilized
Action
Community
Sustainability
Click to play this video
Mozilla‘s vision of the Internet is a place where anyone can access information, a place where everyone can hack and tinker; one that has openness, freedom and transparency; where users have control over their personal data and where all minds have the freedom to create and to consume without walls or tight restrictions.
In less than 20 years the Internet has changed our lives. It is a powerful platform with unprecedented opportunity and connectedness. But even with great growth and innovation there are significant challenges to this vision of a healthy Internet.
Mozilla is mobilized to ensure the protection of the Web and to empower tomorrow’s webmakers and Web users. Today, Mozilla is growing — with more employees, contributors, products and locations — to ensure that the Web remains an open, vibrant ecosystem. Because, the Web is the platform for building the world we want.
Please explore this site to learn more about Mozilla, our priorities and focus areas that enable us to ensure the healthy growth of this large and precious global resource.
Mozilla Mobilized
Mozilla is mobilizing millions of people to build the world they want. Mobilizing to set the mobile Web free from proprietary platforms and gatekeepers. Mobilizing to empower the world's next two billion Web users. And mobilizing to build a new generation of digital innovators, creators and webmakers.
Moving forward we will continue to focus on building products, technology solutions and educational offerings that incorporate Mozilla values into the Web. Today, Mozilla’s mission remains as important as ever. From Firefox through Firefox OS to our new Mozilla Webmaker educational offering, the goal is empowerment. It’s about unlocking the full creative power of mobile; standing up for user sovereignty, privacy and freedom; and helping millions of people move from using the Web to actively building its future.
Just like we did on the desktop, Mozilla is setting out to ensure that the mobile Web is full of freedom, choice and opportunity.
Just like we did on the desktop, Mozilla is setting out to ensure that the mobile Web is full of freedom, choice and opportunity and that it has the ability for users to create anything they want. With Firefox OS, we can break open the world of native operating systems and closed platforms once again.
Firefox OS is the first truly open mobile platform. Developers are already embracing HTML5, but so far HTML5 applications on mobile have been held back because they can’t access the device’s underlying capabilities the way that native apps can. Firefox OS overcomes these limitations and provides the necessary APIs to show how it is possible to run an entire device using open standards.
Firefox OS devices will launch in early 2013 through Telefónica, establishing HTML5 as a viable platform for the mobile industry. The Web as the platform will free developers to create groundbreaking new apps that work seamlessly across all devices, spurring a new era of innovation and creativity for the ubiquitous Web.
Fast.
Smart.
Safe.
In June 2012 we released an update to Firefox for Android that we believe is the best browser for Android available. We completely rebuilt and redesigned the product in native UI, resulting in a snappy and dynamic upgrade to mobile browsing that is significantly faster than the Android stock browser. This made Firefox significantly faster on Android and delivered a much better browsing experience to users than the one offered by the device’s stock browser. We also added Do Not Track to Firefox for Android to let users express their intent for privacy, even on mobile and are the first mobile browser to offer Do Not Track. Firefox for Android is a critical part of supporting the open Web. This is a great start, but it is only a start. We want these opportunities to exist at all layers of our Web experience.
Firefox for Windows, Mac and Linux
Firefox will always be the part of the Mozilla mission that people can see, feel and touch.
Firefox will always be the part of the Mozilla mission that people can see, feel and touch. We are excited by the progress and innovation we have seen with the desktop version of Firefox over the past year. Several performance and security improvements, memory enhancements make this the best Firefox yet. We're proud of the work that we're doing to make developing on Firefox easier by adding exciting tools for developers, like Developer Command Line, Web Console and “Tilt” the 3D Page Inspector.
Recently, we have been experimenting with ways to integrate social functionality into Firefox. Firefox will support a new Social API that lets developers integrate social services directly into the browser. The Social API will support multiple providers and has endless potential for integrating social networks, e-mail, finance, news and other applications into your Firefox experience. Our first experimental provider is Facebook.
Webmaker: Teaching the world the Web
The unique power of the Web is that anyone can make and build with it.
The unique power of the Web means that anyone can make and build with it. Our new educational offering, Mozilla Webmaker, will place that power in the hands of millions of new creators everywhere.
Webmaker tools, projects and events help educators, youth, media-makers and everyday consumers around the world move from using the Web to making the Web. In 2013, Webmaker will mobilize a global community of mentors, instructors and youth to teach and learn together; advance revolutionary Webmaker software tools like Popcorn and Thimble; and work together to build a more Web-literate planet.
Webmaker: Video
Click to view this video
Advocating for Web standards
Mozilla will continue to contribute to Web standards.
Mozilla has always contributed to Web standards, going back as far as the start of the project, and we will continue to do that moving forward. We co-founded the WHAT-WG to kick off HTML5. We are a leader in JavaScript standardization. We have some of the top CSS and layout experts in the world.
Standards are a multi-vendor effort, but Mozilla is proud of the many technologies we have pioneered and submitted to standards bodies to make them interoperable for the Web as a whole. Some examples of these include geolocation, WebGL, the Gamepad API, Web Telephony and IndexedDB.
Fighting for you: Standing up for your security, privacy and freedom
Mozilla is proudly non-profit and answers to no one but you. That means we're uniquely able to fight for users at a critical moment in the Web's history. Looking forward, we will mobilize millions of people to stand up for privacy, security and online freedom. We will take on new threats to the Web's future — from locked down proprietary platforms, to would-be censors and gatekeepers, to short-sighted government legislation. Together we will set the mobile Web free, reassert the vital importance of privacy and user sovereignty, and join others in building a more Web-literate world.
Do Not Track
Our Internet experiences involve more of our personal data, which forms a picture or profile of who we are online. The ability for organizations to monitor, log, store, use, correlate and sell information about who we are and what we do has huge implications for individuals and for society.
In an effort to give users more control over their Web experiences, we developed the Do Not Track feature in Firefox. We also became the first browser manufacturer to offer it on multiple platforms, including Windows, Mac, Linux and Android. Do Not Track is even available for Firefox OS so that user privacy settings can be controlled on a system-wide level to ensure that every third-party application on a user's device respects their choice.
Do Not Track is important because it gives users a voice online to express their preference for privacy and personalization. It captures the user’s intent and allows them to put their hand up and ask for privacy online.
Mozilla was instrumental in the movement to motivate the Web community to act against the Stop Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP act. These laws, had they gone into effect, would have given the US government and private businesses incredible censorship powers that would have global ramifications, weaken the Internet's security and discourage innovation and investment worldwide.
Mozilla was one of many organizations that blacked out its websites in opposition to the SOPA/PIPA bills in congress. For the first time, the Web community of more than 15 million people came together to speak against a policy that affected the Web as a whole. This historic protest represented a significant turning point for the Web as a way to engage the electorate and mobilize citizens for change.
Early in 2012, Mozilla warned against the ratification of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) by the European Parliament. In a blog post, Mitchell Baker urged the policymakers that opaque processes were a “bad way to develop Internet policy” — in particular, that the global trade agreement was negotiated in private without open involvement of all the stakeholders. After massive street protests of Net-savvy citizens across Europe, the European Parliament rejected ACTA on July 4th in an unequivocal vote.
Collusion
Mozilla Collusion gives consumers a powerful tool to protect their privacy, arming them with transparency, facts and the power to make their own decisions about how their personal data is shared and used. Made possible with the support of the Ford Foundation, Collusion allows users to see who is tracking them across the Web. It shows, in real time, how that data creates a spider-web of interaction between companies and other trackers.
Firefox Flicks
This year we brought back Firefox Flicks — a video challenge for aspiring filmmakers, animators and creatives from around the world to produce and submit short films. These films made by Firefox fans, promoted and educated users about the issues that affect their online lives such as privacy and security. Most importantly, these filmmakers shared what makes Firefox different using their own voices. Celebrities and film-industry experts helped select the regional winners from more than 400 submissions from thousands of filmmakers worldwide.
Our success begins with you.
Mozilla is an organization that is fundamentally about people and making the Web better for everyone. The Mozilla community is essential to the success of the project. We can’t fight for an open, hackable and transparent Web without people who believe in and support that cause. We have Mozilla communities spanning the world and these remarkable people are responsible for coding, testing, localizing, hosting hackfests and summer code parties, teaching Webmakers, marketing, evangelizing Mozilla products and much more.
Mozilla Reps
The Mozilla Reps program, designed to empower volunteers to become official representatives of Mozilla in their region, has grown to more than 350 people in more than 70 countries in a little more than a year. The program plays a critical role in helping Mozilla execute against its organizational goals around the promotion and development of Firefox OS, Firefox for Windows, Mac and Linux and Firefox for Android. Reps have organized more than 700 events around the world and have successfully recruited and trained hundreds of new contributors across dozens of functional areas.
MozCamps
MozCamps are regional events that bring together core paid and volunteer Mozilla staff members from all areas of the project for two full days of presentations, discussions, brainstorms, work sprints, hackathons and, of course, a little bit of fun.
While the main focus is on community leaders and core contributors, MozCamps also aim to train up future leaders — those Mozilla contributors who have been particularly active in the past six months and represent the next generation of Mozilla leadership in the community.
This year‘s MozCamps were held in Buenos Aires, Warsaw and Singapore, bringing together more than 300 employees and 600 volunteers.
Emerging Communities
Some of the fastest growing and most dynamic communities are some of our youngest communities. They can be found in the Middle East, Africa and South East Asia and many of their members have been invited to MozCamps in 2012 as participants. The Tunisian community, Kenyan community and Filipino community have been doing particularly outstanding work and each comprises roughly a dozen active contributors across many functional areas, including localization, QA, marketing and development. One of the newest Mozilla communities launched in 2012 is in Myanmar.
Contributor Stories
Chit started contributing to Mozilla in 2010 and has been leading community building efforts in Myanmar ever since.
Viking organized the first ever Firefox launch party in Indonesia back in 2007 and has led community marketing efforts across the country.
Keng kickstarted efforts to get Firefox localized in Thai and has been a community lead since 2008.
Claire started contributing to Mozilla in 2009 and is the editor of the Bonjour Mozilla blog.
A passionate open source evangelist in his native Egypt, Haitham became a Mozilla Rep in early 2011.
Ioana has been driving Mozilla hackathons across her native Romania since 2010.
Brian has been contributing to Mozilla for more than a decade and recently sat on the Mozilla Reps Council.
Passionate about reviving Songay, a dialect in his native Mali, Mohomodou has led localization efforts to get Firefox translated into Songay.
Sustainability and Partnerships
Along with this annual report, we released our audited financial statements for 2011. Mozilla remains well positioned, both financially and organizationally, to advance our mission of building openness, freedom and participation into the Internet.
Mozilla remains financially healthy; we continue to hire more people globally, we’ve opened new Mozilla Spaces around the world, have launched significant new initiatives such as Firefox OS and are able to support those with viable resources.
The majority of our revenue comes from the search functionality in the Firefox browser. Google is the largest source of revenue and in December 2011, we announced that we negotiated a significant and mutually beneficial revenue agreement with Google. This new agreement extends our long term search relationship with Google for at least three additional years.
Mozilla has a number of other relationships in the Web community, as well as new relationships with mobile operators, device manufacturers, third-party content partners and other players in the mobile ecosystem.
2011 Audited Financial Statement
Download PDF
2011 Form 990
Read
Done
At Mozilla, we measure success by how much we are doing to improve the overall health of the Web and advance the interests of users and developers. We succeed when we build products that people love, and when other organizations build the traits and features we care about into competing products. For example, we view Google Chrome's recent implementation of the Do Not Track feature we pioneered to be a success for Mozilla and our mission.
Mozilla has announced a commercial partnership with Telefónica for Firefox OS. The specific terms of the agreement are subject to traditional confidentiality requirements. We are developing new partnerships with additional OEMs and operators, which will be announced in due course through 2012 and into 2013. We also have numerous arrangements with app publishers who will be included in the Firefox Marketplace.
The State of Mozilla: 2011 Annual Report
SOPA / PIPA and ACTA
