Protect Internet Health and Privacy with Mozilla
Get involved by reading our latest blog posts on Internet privacy, listen to the IRL Podcast and subscribe to our newsletter.
Mozilla is on a mission to keep the Internet growing and healthy. Join us!
Decentralization
Choice is a good thing
Name 5 websites you visit daily. Now 10, 20 or even 30. Tricky, right? When a few big companies “own” the Internet, choice can be limited, but you don’t have to be.
Browse independently
Internet Privacy
Internet’s got trust issues
Privacy shouldn’t be a privilege. In fact, the Internet only stays healthy if we trust it as a safe place – to explore, transact, connect and create.
Help build a safer Internet
Digital Inclusion
Let’s Internet better, together
More than 50% of the world is still offline. This means we have 50% more creativity and innovation to nurture. Now, how great is that!
More about Digital Inclusion
Web Literacy
Citizens of the Internet
Calling the creators of today’s Internet - AKA you! Learn how to protect your creativity, privacy and independence online.
Check out Web Literacy
Openness
Innovation is for everyone
The Internet was built on the promise that any one of us might create the next big thing. Help keep the creativity flowing!
Support Internet Openness
Data Detox Kit
Get your digital cleanse
Fight toxic data buildup and eliminate anxiety over shared online info. In a few easy steps, you’ll be on your way to a healthier and more in-control digital self.
Get started
Common Voice
Let your voice be heard… literally
Contribute to the world’s first crowdsourced voice library. An open, free resource, it will help innovators create technology that benefits — and understands — us all.
Record in Common Voice
Net Neutrality
Net Neutrality is under threat…again.
Time’s running out. Help protect an open Internet for everyone.
Get involved now
Internet Health Report
All about Internet Health
The Internet got a full check-up and the results are in.
Read the Internet Health Report
