Internet for people, not profit
Did you know? Mozilla — the maker of Firefox — fights to keep the Internet a global public resource, open and accessible to all.
We all love the web. Join Mozilla in defending it.
Let’s protect the world’s largest public resource for future generations. A few times a year, Mozilla asks for donations. Just chipping in the price of a cup of coffee can help us keep the web healthy, wonderful and welcoming to all.
Internet for people, not profit.
Hi. We’re Mozilla, the proudly non-profit champions of the Internet, helping to keep it healthy, open and accessible to all.
Our impact
When you use Firefox, you help Mozilla fight misinformation online, teach digital skills and make the comments section more human. Check out what helps create a healthier internet.
Working at the grassroots and policy levels, we teach web literacy, provide tools and advocate on behalf of every individual who values an internet built on fairness, inclusion and respect.
Mozilla Information Trust Initiative
Empowering Women Online
The Coral Project
Internet Health Report
Stand Up For Encryption
Teach The Web
Try the Lean Data Toolkit
Read our Internet Health Report
Our innovations
Using the web as the platform, we build open, innovative technologies that allow developers to work free of closed, corporate ecosystems and create faster, safer web experiences for us all.
Common Voice
Gaming on the Web
Virtual Reality Platform
Get Firefox today
Extensions
Personalize Firefox with your favorite extras like password managers, ad blockers and more.
Careers
Learn about the benefits of working at Mozilla and view open positions around the world.
Need help?
Get answers to your questions about Firefox and all Mozilla products from our support team.
$%(sum)s
Enter your own amount
Monthly
One-time
Donate
Working to keep the Internet healthy, open and accessible to all, we teach web literacy, provide tools and advocate on behalf of every individual who values the Internet as a global public resource.
The new Firefox
Fast for good.
Browse faster. For good.
With 2x the speed, built-in privacy protection and Mozilla behind it, the new Firefox is the better way to browse.
With 2x the speed, built-in privacy protection and Mozilla behind it, the new Firefox is fast for good.
We make the internet safer, healthier and faster for good.
Mozilla is the not-for-profit behind Firefox, the original alternative browser. We create products and policy to keep the internet in service of people, not profit.
Mozilla is the not-for-profit behind Firefox, the original alternative browser. We create products and policy to keep the internet in service of people, not profits.
