Download Firefox
Download now
Your system doesn't meet the requirements to run Firefox.
Your system may not meet the requirements for Firefox, but you can try one of these versions:
Firefox Beta for Android
Firefox Aurora for Android
Firefox Nightly for Android
Firefox for Android
Get it free on Google Play
Firefox for iOS
Get it free from the App Store
Firefox Beta
Firefox Nightly
Firefox Aurora
Free Download
Update your Firefox
Supported Devices
Get it on Google Play
Get Firefox for Android
Download on the App Store
Get Firefox for iOS
What’s New
Firefox Privacy
Systems andamp; Languages
Firefox for Other Platforms and Languages
Please follow these instructions to install Firefox.
Recommended
Get a Firefox Account
Get easy access to your bookmarks, passwords, tabs and more from any computer or mobile device running Firefox.
Sign up, sign in, stay in sync.
With a Firefox Account, you can get all your bookmarks, passwords, open tabs and more — everywhere you use Firefox.
Sign up for a Firefox Account
Sign in everywhere you use Firefox
Sync what you want
You’re signed in and ready to start using Sync.
Set up Sync for iOS
Set up Sync on your Android device
Download Firefox to start using Sync.
Get the latest Firefox to start using Sync.
Download %s for Android in your language
Download %s in your language
Language
Download
Download Firefox Beta in your language and experience cutting edge features before they make it to final release. Provide feedback to help us refine and polish the next version of Firefox.
Download %s in your language to experience the newest features and innovations in an unstable environment even before they go to Beta. Give us feedback that will determine what makes it to Final Release and help shape the future of Firefox.
Are you a power-user comfortable installing pre-alpha software? Install Nightly and help us improve Firefox quality, hunt crashes and regressions and test new features as they get coded!
Firefox ESR is intended for system administrators who deploy and maintain the desktop environment in organizations such as schools, governments and businesses.
Firefox ESR is intended for groups who deploy and maintain the desktop environment in large organizations. Learn more.
Firefox is made in large part by volunteers around the world. That’s why we offer it in 90 languages (and why there’s heart and soul in every piece of code).
Firefox Developer Edition
Firefox Nightly
Thanks to contributions of Mozilla community members around the world, Firefox is available in 90 languages:
Warning: Nightly is updated daily. It is most appropriate for core Mozilla contributors and early adopters, not regular users.
Check the system requirements
Release notes
Source code
Show:
Fully localized versions
Localized versions in testing
These localizations aren’t final. We’re waiting for more feedback from the community to perfect them.
Multi-locale
Search languages
Search
No matching languages found.
Download for %(platform)s in %(locale)s
Not Yet Available
Take a browse on the wild side.
Be among the first to explore future releases of Firefox for desktop, Android and iOS.
Desktop
Android
iOS
See something that isn’t working? Let us know.
File a bug now
Tips for filing a bug
Take our latest experimental features for a spin and shape the future of Firefox.
Learn more about Test Pilot
Try New Features in a Pre-Release Android Browser | Firefox
Download and test future releases of Firefox for desktop, Android and iOS.
Experience cutting-edge features in a pre-release browser for Android: Firefox Beta and Firefox Nightly. Install now!
Experience cutting-edge features in a pre-release browser for Android: Firefox Beta, Firefox Aurora and Firefox Nightly. Install now!
Download and test the latest Firefox for Android features with Aurora, Beta and Nightly builds.
Try the latest Android features, before they get released to the rest of the world.
All Languages and Builds
Help determine what features will go into the next Firefox for Android.
Firefox Aurora automatically sends feedback to Mozilla.
Firefox Beta automatically sends feedback to Mozilla.
Give us feedback to help us put the final tweaks on performance and functionality in a stable environment.
Try New Browser Features in Pre-Release Versions | Firefox
Experience cutting-edge browser features in pre-release versions: Firefox Developer Edition, Firefox Beta and Firefox Nightly. Download now!
Download and test the latest Firefox for desktop features with Developer Edition, Beta and Nightly builds.
Test about-to-be-released features in the most stable pre-release build.
All Languages and Platforms
All Languages and Builds (incl. Win 64)
Build, test, scale and more with the only browser built just for developers.
Firefox Developer Edition automatically sends feedback to Mozilla.
Check out new Android features in their earliest stages. Enjoy at your own risk.
Get a sneak peek at our next generation web browser, and help us make it the best browser it can be: try Firefox Nightly.
Test brand new features daily (or… nightly). Enjoy at your own risk.
Firefox Nightly automatically sends feedback to Mozilla.
Nightly Blog
Try New Features in a Pre-Release iOS Browser | Firefox
Experience cutting-edge features in a pre-release browser for iOS via Apple’s TestFlight program. Install now!
Test beta versions of Firefox for iOS via Apple’s TestFlight program and help make our mobile browser for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch even better.
Test beta versions of Firefox for iOS via Apple’s TestFlight program.
Sign up now
Facebook Container for Firefox | Prevent Facebook from seeing what websites you visit.
Millions of people around the world trust Firefox Web browsers on Android, iOS and desktop computers. Fast. Private. Download now!
Facebook. Well contained. Keep the rest of your life to yourself.
Download Firefox and get the Facebook Container Extension
Get the Facebook Container Extension
The Facebook Container Extension is not available on mobile devices.
Try Firefox Focus, the privacy browser for Android and iOS.
Watch the video
Opt out on your terms
Facebook can track almost all your web activity and tie it to your Facebook identity. If that’s too much for you, the Facebook Container extension isolates your identity into a separate container tab, making it harder for Facebook to track you on the web outside of Facebook.
Install and contain
Installing the extension is easy and, once activated, will open Facebook in a blue tab each time you use it. Use and enjoy Facebook normally. Facebook will still be able to send you advertising and recommendations on their site, but it will be much harder for Facebook to use your activity collected off Facebook to send you ads and other targeted messages.
About Firefox and Mozilla
We’re backed by Mozilla, the not-for-profit organization that puts people over profit to give everyone more power online. We created this extension because we believe that you should have easy-to-use tools that help you manage your privacy and security.
Browse freely with Firefox today.
Firefox Browser: Better bookmarks everywhere you go
Easily organize your bookmarks into folder and access them across all your devices, from desktop to mobile.
Better bookmarks
Don’t agonize, lovers of bookmarking. Organize with Firefox.
File that bookmark
Get your faves all sorted with the bookmark star icon, which lets you add custom names and folders quickly. Then dial in your bookmarks toolbar to make sure you never lose sight of the links you love.
Fly with that bookmark
Take your favorites on the fly. Use Firefox Sync to access your bookmarks across all your devices, from desktop to mobile. Or try Pocket to save any online article, or page and come back to later – even without internet.
Futz with that bookmark
Practice your exactitude with every bookmark manager add-on you can think of, from full page snapshots to quick-switch sidebars to locked-down-tight private bookmarks.
Get more done. Browse faster and lighter with multiple tabs
Our new, powerful multi-process platform handles all your tabs without slowing down your computer.
Firefox is now faster and leaner
We’ve been working out, so you can get more done.
Use less memory
No one likes a computer hog! Firefox is a lean, mean (actually we’re pretty nice) browsing machine. Since we use less RAM than Chrome, your other programs can keep running at top speed.
Get all the tabs without lags
Multi-tasking with multiple tabs just got easier. Firefox is now a multi-process browser, which means that your tabs stay fresh and won’t take forever to reload. With 86% less hang time, switch quickly between tabs even as you open more.
Level-up browser gameplay
We led the tech to run 3D games at near-native speeds, and now Firefox is bringing better performance to online gaming. Our powerful browser reduces lags, speeds up ping times and optimizes overall gameplay through faster, leaner browsing.
Firefox, a different browser for different times. Browse free.
Browse the Internet as it was meant to be… free, safe and accessible to all. Declare your online independence.
Firefox: Rebel with a cause
Firefox is independent and a part of the non-profit Mozilla, which fights for your online rights, keeps corporate powers in check and makes the Internet accessible to everyone, everywhere.
No strings attached
Firefox is built by a non-profit. That means we can do things that others can’t, like build new products and features without a hidden agenda. We champion your right to privacy with tools like Private Browsing with Tracking Protection, which go beyond what Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge offer.
What you see is what you get
We believe the Internet is for people, not profit. Unlike other companies, we don’t sell access to your data. You’re in control over who sees your search and browsing history. Choice — that’s what a healthy Internet is all about!
A browser on a mission
In addition to fighting for your online rights, we also keep corporate powers in check, while working with allies all around the globe to nurture healthy Internet practices. So when you choose Firefox, we’re choosing you, too.
Firefox is a browser with a conscience. As part of the technology non-profit Mozilla, we fight for your online rights, keep corporate powers in check and help educate developing countries on healthy Internet practices. So when you choose Firefox, we’re choosing you, too.
Protect your privacy and browse faster with Firefox features
You’re in control with Firefox’s easy-to-use features that protect your privacy and browsing speeds.
Firefox features
Explore the features of the all new Firefox browser
Your favorite add-ons and extensions
Customize your browser
Sync between devices
Firefox Test Pilot
Tabs that travel
Better bookmarks
More powerful Private Browsing
Ad tracker blocking
Password Manager
Balanced memory usage
Browse faster
Firefox Product Benefits
Open source
We’re always transparent.
See what makes us different
By non-profit, Mozilla
Protecting the health of the internet.
Read Mozilla’s mission
Protect your rights
We help keep corporate powers in check.
Choose independence
Limited data collection
Opted-in to privacy, so you can browse freely.
Read our privacy policy
More private
We don’t sell access to your online data. Period.
Get Firefox for privacy
Firefox Browser: Use less memory, get more speed
Is your computer slow? Your browser might be using too much memory. Switch to Firefox today for more speed.
Less memory usage than Chrome
If your web browser uses too much memory, switch to Firefox.
Speed up your computer
Every computer program you run takes up some memory. When too much is used, your system can slooooowww down. Firefox aims for a balance — using enough memory to let you browse smoothly and leaving plenty of memory to keep your computer responsive.
Stop running out of memory
Chrome uses up to 1.77x more memory than Firefox. If your computer is already low on memory, this can cause a significant slowdown. Using Firefox’s latest version with multi-process can result in more available memory to run your favorite programs.
Browse faster, privately
Explore the web faster with Firefox Private Browsing. Only Firefox’s private mode includes tracking protection which blocks ads with trackers from loading on pages. Decluttering sites means web pages can load faster.
Firefox Browser: Fast, Easy Password Manager
Firefox Password Manager saves all your passwords in one place so you can automatically login to sites, or retrieve saved passwords.
Password Manager achievement unlocked
Give up the memory game with Firefox Password Manager.
Password hero
Forget the reset. Firefox Password Manager keeps all your passwords so you can log in automatically, or find saved passwords easily. For super security, give your computer a master password.
Password ninja
No more “try again” while you’re trying to get somewhere. Log in to your Firefox Account on your phone, and your passwords come with you. Your login details will simply appear, just like that.
Password master
Earn your second security black belt with Firefox’s vast array of password manager add-ons. Choose an existing favorite or find a next-level one through expert community ratings and reviews.
Earn your second security black belt with Firefox’s vast array of password manager add-ons. Go with a favorite like LastPass, or reach password manager mastery with ratings and community reviews.
Private Browser with extra tracking protection
Firefox protects your online privacy and blocks trackers that follow you around the web.
Firefox: More protection. Less worry.
We’re obsessed with protecting your privacy. That’s why we’ve made Firefox Private Browsing more powerful than the others.
Browse without a trace
Sharing is caring, but that should be your call. Firefox Private Browsing automatically erases your online info like passwords, cookies and history from your computer. So that when you close out, you leave no trace.
Catch those hidden trackers
Some websites and ads attach hidden trackers that collect your browsing info long after you’ve left. Only Firefox Private Browsing has tracking protection to block them automatically.
Shake off tracking weight
Not only do trackers collect info, they can weigh down your browsing speeds. Only Firefox Private Browsing blocks ads with hidden trackers, so you can drop the baggage and browse freely.
Take your browser tabs to go
Send your desktop browser tabs to phones, tablets and more with your Firefox Account.
Take your tabs to go
Share your open tabs seamlessly across mobile, desktop or tablet with Firefox.
View your open tabs across mobile and tablet devices by signing in to your Firefox Account.
View your open tabs across desktop and tablet too. Just sign in or create a Firefox account.
Create account
Get the app
Download on the App Store
Update your Firefox
Free up your inbox
Still email links to yourself? Send tabs between devices instead.
Device hop like a pro
Start browsing in one place, pick up somewhere else.
Share without a care
Your data is secure with a Firefox Account.
It looks like you’re running an older version of Firefox.
You’re all set to start sending tabs.
Sign in to your Firefox account to send tabs between devices.
Get Firefox on your devices to get started. Then, sign into your Firefox Account to share tabs.
Need help?
Get started with Sync
Use Bookmarks, Tabs and Passwords Across Devices | Firefox
Bring your Firefox bookmarks, tabs, or passwords wherever you go with Firefox Sync. Share between computers and mobile devices. Get Firefox now!
Browse uninterrupted with Firefox Sync
Sync across devices
With Firefox on all your devices, you can access bookmarks, tabs and passwords with one easy sign-in.
Sign in to your Firefox Account on mobile or tablet to get your open tabs, bookmarks and passwords anywhere.
Sign in or create an account through your Firefox app for seamless browsing of passwords, bookmarks and open tabs.
Create account
Get the app
Download on the App Store
Update your Firefox
Personal
That shopping rabbit hole you started on your laptop this morning? Pick up where you left off on your phone tonight. That dinner recipe you discovered at lunchtime? Open it on your kitchen tablet, instantly. Connect your personal devices, securely.
Secure
Your Firefox Account is the doorway to all your web stuff—we help you keep it safe. Your data is always in your control, unreadable by anyone else, and encrypted with your account password. We protect it and hand you the key.
Accessible
Catch up on your open tabs and saved reads over Saturday morning coffee. Find your bookmarks and passwords anywhere you use Firefox—your smartphone, tablet or laptop. Connect everything you need and nothing you don’t.
The new, fast browser for Mac, PC and Linux
Responsive engine, less memory usage and packed with features. Download for desktop now.
The New Firefox
Meet Firefox Quantum.
Fast for good.
Download now
What’s new?
A powerful, new engine that’s built for rapidfire performance.
Better, faster page loading that uses less computer memory.
Gorgeous design and smart features for intelligent browsing.
“Faster and even more minimalist, Firefox Quantum makes Chrome look old.”
(Digital Trends)
Screenshot of the redesigned Firefox new-tab page.
Now 2x faster
Crazy powerful browser engine? Check. Less time waiting around for pages to load? Also, check. Firefox Quantum is twice as fast as Firefox was before.
2x Faster
Crazy powerful browser engine? Check. Less time waiting around for pages to load? Also, check. Get the best Firefox yet.
30% lighter than Chrome
Less memory usage means more space for your computer to keep running smoothly. Your other programs will thank you.
Smooth browsing
Whether you’ve opened 10 or 1000, switching between tabs is faster than ever with Firefox’s new, responsive engine.
Firefox screenshot showing many open tabs and browser windows running simultaneously.
Switch from Chrome to Firefox in just a few minutes
Switching to Firefox is fast, easy and risk-free. Firefox imports your bookmarks, autofills, passwords and preferences from Chrome.
Moving browsers? We got you.
Instantly import your online info and favorites from any other browser.
Bookmarks
Auto Fill
Passwords
History
Seriously Private Browsing
The most powerful private browsing mode with added tracking protection.
Firefox blocks online trackers while you browse and won’t remember your history after you’re done.
Tracking Protection
Some ads have hidden trackers that follow you online. Rude. We know. That’s why our powerful tool stops them cold.
Faster Page Loading
By blocking some ads and scripts that bog down browsing, pages load up to 44%% faster. Now that’s a win-win.
Firefox Quantum features
Gaming and VR
Library
Uncomplicate screenshots. Take and share them directly from Firefox. That means no more searching for mysterious file names on your computer.
Built right into the toolbar, it’s the ultimate save-for-later feature. View your articles, videos and pages across any device.
Engineered for next-gen gaming, Firefox has built-in support for WASM and WebVR. No additional installation needed!
Save time! Find all your favorite content like Pocket saves, bookmarks, browsing history, screenshots and downloads in one spot.
Customization Features
Extensions
Customize Firefox with thousands of extensions like LastPass, uBlock Origin, Evernote and more.
Make over Firefox to suit your mood! Choose a new look from our theme categories or create your own.
Toolbar
Set up Firefox your way. Drag and drop features in and out of your toolbar for easy access.
Sync your devices
Seamlessly access passwords, bookmarks and more. Plus, use our Send Tabs feature to instantly share open tabs between desktop, mobile and tablet.
Image of Gif shared from desktop to mobile using the Send Tab feature.
Browse for good
Firefox is made by Mozilla, the non-profit champions of a healthy internet. Mozilla also tackles issues like privacy, misinformation and trolling by investing in fellowships, campaigns and new technologies designed to make the internet healthier.
Your download was interrupted
Click the download button on the right to continue.
Please choose a download to continue.
Need help installing?
Visit support.mozilla.org
Mobile browsers for iOS and Android
Download Firefox and Firefox Focus for mobile and tablet.
Firefox for mobile.
Fast for good.
Firefox for mobile
The speed you need with the privacy you want on all your devices.
Available on iOS and Android.
Choose one or download them all for iOS and Android.
Full-featured. Customizable. Lightning fast. Browse without compromise.
Get Firefox
See more
Firefox Focus
Automatic ad blocking and tracking protection on an easy-to-use private browser.
Get Firefox Focus
The full-featured version of Firefox with robust customization and privacy options ready to go for mobile and tablet.
Firefox mobile
Download now
Sync
Privacy
Extensions
Previous
Next
iOS and Android
Add Firefox to all your devices for seamless browsing.
Easy access to your favorite bookmarks, saved passwords, browsing history and more.
Send Tabs easily lets you share open tabs between mobile and desktop.
Control what you share online with the most powerful Private Browsing mode with added Tracking Protection.
Stops ads that track and follow you around the Internet.
Won’t remember your browsing history or save cookies after you’re done.
Built-in tracking protection and block lists provided by Disconnect.
Extensions and Customization
Android only
Break out of the browser box. From emojis to productivity tools, personalize Firefox to suit your style.
Choose from thousands of tools like ad blockers, video downloaders and password managers.
Themes
Match Firefox to your mood. Get a new look from our theme categories or create your own.
Blocks ads with trackers. Automatically. Plus, it can even speed up page loading. Get the private browser that has your back.
Automatic Privacy
Speed
Lightweight
Browse stress free. Powerful privacy features are always on and your browsing history is wiped after every session.
Automatically blocks ads that have sneaky hidden trackers that collect data.
One tap erases your cookies and browsing history.
Get more done. By blocking some ads and scripts, Tracking Protection can speed up your browsing.
Fewer elements can mean faster loading pages.
Save your mobile memory for the memories. Firefox Focus takes up less selfie space on your phone.
Small, yet powerful at less than 5MB.
Send Firefox to your phone and unleash your internet.
Send Firefox Focus to your phone and unleash your internet.
Scan the QR code to get started.
Download the APK
Download on the App Store
Congrats! You’re using the latest version of Firefox.
Update your Firefox for the latest in speed and privacy.
You’re using a pre-release version of Firefox.
The new Firefox
Fast for good.
Meet Firefox Quantum
New. Fast. For good.
Download Now
Refresh Firefox
Please follow these instructions to install Firefox.
Advanced Install Options and Other Platforms
Advanced install options and other platforms
Keep up with all things Firefox.
Download Firefox for Windows
Download Firefox for macOS
Download Firefox for Linux
Download for other platforms and languages
Download in another language
Let’s do this!
Your download should begin automatically. Didn’t work? Try downloading again.
Your download should begin automatically. If it doesn’t, click here.
Sync up with Firefox on mobile:
Download Firefox
Free Web Browser
Download Mozilla Firefox, a free Web browser. Firefox is created by a global non-profit dedicated to putting individuals in control online. Get Firefox for Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS today!
Download the fastest Firefox ever
Faster page loading, less memory usage and packed with features, the new Firefox is here.
2x Faster
The best Firefox ever
Lightweight
Uses 30% less memory than Chrome
Powerfully private
Truly Private Browsing with Tracking Protection
Welcome to Firefox
Take Firefox with You
Get your bookmarks, history, passwords and other settings on all your devices.
Already using Firefox?
Sign in to your account and we’ll sync the bookmarks, passwords and other great things you’ve saved to Firefox on other devices.
Learn more about Firefox Accounts
Skip this step
Chart your own course
Thanks for choosing Firefox
Download Now
Your download should begin automatically. If not, click here.
Feel the Speed
Free Web Browser for Android, iOS, Desktop | Firefox
Millions of people around the world trust Firefox Web browsers on Android, iOS and desktop computers. Fast. Private. Download now!
The new Firefox
Runs 2x faster
The New Firefox has a new engine. Twice as fast? Yes. Crazy-powerful engine? Yes. Less time waiting for browser pages to load? Double yes, yes. Get the best Firefox yet.
Uses 30% less memory
Lighter than Chrome means more of your computer resources are freed up and run smoother. You can thank the New Firefox multiprocess architecture for that. Your computer will thank you back.
Stands for good
Did you know Firefox works with the not-for-profit Mozilla? We keep the Internet healthier by supporting programs like tech education for women, truth in online journalism, and promoting civility in comments and online shared spaces.
Browse freely with Firefox today.
Free Web Browser for Android, iOS, Desktop | Firefox
Millions of people around the world trust Firefox Web browsers on Android, iOS and desktop computers. Fast. Private. Download now!
Download Now
The new Firefox
Fast for good
Runs 2x faster
The New Firefox has a new engine. Twice as fast? Yes. Crazy-powerful engine? Yes. Less time waiting for browser pages to load? Double yes, yes. Get the best Firefox yet.
Uses 30% less memory
Lighter than Chrome means more of your computer resources are freed up and run smoother. You can thank the New Firefox multiprocess architecture for that. Your computer will thank you back.
Stands for good
Did you know Firefox works with the not-for-profit Mozilla? We keep the Internet healthier by supporting programs like tech education for women, truth in online journalism, and promoting civility in comments and online shared spaces.
Browse freely with Firefox today.
Thanks for choosing Firefox
Your download should begin automatically. If not, click here.
Firefox Nightly First Run Page
Thank you for using Firefox Nightly
Choose an area to get involved below and help make Firefox better for users everywhere
Test
Find and file bugs and generally make sure things work as they should.
Start testing
https://quality.mozilla.org/get-involved/
Code
File bugs and work on the building blocks of the Firefox browser.
Start coding
https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Introduction
Localize
Make Firefox available (and better) in more languages around the world.
Start localizing
https://wiki.mozilla.org/L10n:Contribute
You’ve just been upgraded to Firefox Nightly %(version)s!
Firefox Nightly
Your Firefox Nightly has been updated.
Every 6 to 8 weeks, a new major version of Firefox is released and as a result, the Nightly version increases as well.
This is a good time to thank you for helping us make Firefox better and to give you some pointers to documentation, communication channels and news sites related to Nightly that may be of interest to you.
If you want to know what’s happening around Nightly and its community, reading our blog and following us on Twitter are good starting points!
Want to know which platform features you could test on Nightly and can’t see yet on other Firefox channels? Then have a look at the Experimental Features page on MDN.
Do you experience crashes? Unexpected behavior? Web compatibility regressions? We’d love to get them filed in Bugzilla to make sure they don’t make it to the final release (extra karma if you add the nightly-community keyword to your bug reports)!
Would you be willing to help us triage unconfirmed bugs in Bugzilla? Then maybe TriageBot could be of interest to you.
You can also interact with the Nightly community on IRC in the #nightly channel. Feel free to ask questions and talk about features, regressions or crashes you may be experiencing.
Go community!
Built for those who build the Web. The only browser made for developers like you.
Firefox Quantum: Developer Edition
Welcome to your new favorite browser. Get the latest features, fast performance, and the development tools you need to build for the open web.
Firefox Developer Edition automatically sends feedback to Mozilla.
Faster Performance
A Next-Generation CSS Engine
Firefox has been rebuilt from the ground up to be faster and more powerful than ever. This includes a new CSS engine that has state-of-the-art innovations and is blazingly fast.
New Tools
Firefox DevTools
Learn more about Firefox developer tools
The new Firefox DevTools are powerful, flexible, and best of all, hackable. This includes a best-in-class JavaScript debugger, which can target multiple browsers and is built in React and Redux.
The new Firefox DevTools are powerful, flexible, and best of all, hackable. This includes a best-in-class JavaScript debugger, which can target multiple browsers and is built in React and Ember.
Innovative Features
Master CSS Grid
Learn more about CSS Grid
Firefox is the only browser with tools built specifically for building and designing with CSS Grid. These tools allow you to visualize the grid, display associated area names, preview transformations on the grid and much more.
Design. Code. Test. Refine.
Build and Perfect your sites with Firefox DevTools
Inspector
Inspect and refine code to build pixel-perfect layouts.
Learn more about Page Inspector
Console
Track CSS, JavaScript, security and network issues.
Learn more about Web Console
Debugger
Powerful JavaScript debugger with support for your framework.
Learn more about JavaScript Debugger
Network
Monitor network requests that can slow or block your site.
Learn more about Network Monitor
Storage panel
Add, modify and remove cache, cookies, databases and session data.
Learn more about Storage Panel
Responsive Design Mode
Test sites on emulated devices in your browser.
Learn more about Responsive Design View
Visual Editing
Fine-tune animations, alignment and padding.
Learn more about Visual Editing
Performance
Unblock bottlenecks, streamline processes, optimize assets.
Learn more about Performance Tools
Memory
Find memory leaks and make your application zippy.
Learn more about Memory Tools
Web Audio
The only developer tool for inspecting the Web Audio API.
Learn more about Web Audio Editor
Scratchpad
Edit, write, run and execute JavaScript in real time.
Learn more about Scratchpad
Style Editor
Edit and manage all your CSS stylesheets in your browser.
Learn more about Style Editor
Speak up
Feedback makes us better. Tell us how we can improve the browser and Developer tools.
Join the conversation
Get involved
Help build the last independent browser. Write code, fix bugs, make add-ons, and more.
Start now
Download the Firefox browser made for developers
Firefox Developer Edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like CSS Grid support and framework debugging
Welcome to the all-new Firefox Quantum: Developer Edition
Firefox has been rebuilt from the ground-up to be faster, sleeker, and more powerful than ever.
Firefox Devtools
Next-Gen CSS Engine
Get developer news, tricks and resources  sent straight to your inbox.
A Next-Generation CSS Engine (hint: it’s fast)
Firefox Quantum includes a new CSS engine, written in Rust, that has state-of-the-art innovations and is blazingly fast.
Want to be on the cutting-edge?
Firefox Nightly receives daily updates and allows you to access features months before they go mainstream.
Congrats. You now have Firefox Quantum: Developer Edition.
This isn’t just an update. This is Firefox Quantum: A brand new Firefox that has been rebuilt from the ground-up to be faster, sleeker, and more powerful than ever.
Thank You
Thank you page.
It’s all thanks to you
Choosing Firefox helps Mozilla make the Internet a better place. Here’s what you can do next:
Make Firefox your default browser
1 min action
Set as your default
Get Firefox on your phone
2 min install
Download Firefox
Tell your friends about Firefox
1 min share
Send a tweet
Join me in the fight for an open web by choosing Firefox!
Make the Internet a safer place
4 min read
Learn more
Stay in touch for more cool stuff
Get the latest and greatest from Firefox delivered straight to your inbox.
Choosing Firefox helps Mozilla make the Internet a better place.
Here’s more super-easy things you can do to keep supporting our mission:
1 min
2 min
4 min
Send Firefox to your smartphone or tablet
Your download link was sent.
Sorry, we can’t send SMS messages to this phone number.
Sorry. This number isn’t valid. Please enter a U.S. phone number.
Please enter an email address.
Please make a selection before proceeding.
An error occurred in our system. Please try again later.
Select iOS or Android
Choose OS
Enter your email or phone number
Enter your email or 10-digit phone number
Enter your email
Send
SMS service available in select countries only. SMS andamp; data rates may apply.
SMS service available to U.S. phone numbers only. SMS andamp; data rates may apply.
The intended recipient of the email or SMS must have consented.
The intended recipient of the email must have consented.
Check your device for the email or text message!
Check your device for the email!
Send to another device
Go to the App Store
Go to Google Play
Desktop Browser
Android Browser
iOS Browser
Focus Browser
Features
Support
More privacy
Firefox doesn’t sell access to your personal information like other companies. From privacy tools to tracking protection, you’re in charge of who sees what.
Here’s how Firefox protects your privacy
More freedom
Following the pack isn’t our style. As part of the non-profit Mozilla, Firefox leads the fight to protect your online rights and champion an Internet that benefits everyone — not just a few.
Browse independently with Firefox
More performance
Bring it, Internet! We’ve spent the last year supercharging Firefox’s performance. Now start up faster, tab hop quicker and scroll like a speed demon.
Get more done with Firefox
Hungry for more?
Get the latest andamp; greatest from Firefox delivered straight to your inbox.
Switch from Chrome to Firefox in just a few minutes
Switching to Firefox is fast, easy and risk-free, because Firefox imports your bookmarks, autofills, passwords and preferences from Chrome.
Switching to Firefox is fast, easy and risk-free. Firefox imports your bookmarks, autofills, passwords and preferences from Chrome.
Select what to take from Chrome.
Let Firefox do the rest.
Enjoy the web faster, all set up for you.
Download and switch
You can use Firefox and still have Chrome. Chrome won’t change on your machine one bit.
Share with your friends how to switch to Firefox
Share to Facebook
Switch to Firefox
Hey,
Firefox makes switching from Chrome really fast. I like it a lot, and you should try it.
Check it out and let me know what you think:
Send an email
🔥 Firefox makes switching from Chrome really fast. Try it out!
Send a tweet
Still not convinced that switching to Firefox is easy?
How Tracking Protection works
When you see the shield, Firefox is blocking some parts of the page that could track your browsing activity.
1 of 3
Next
Differences to expect
Some page areas may be missing, because they could allow third parties to track you across different websites.
2 of 3
Want to make changes?
It’s easy to turn off Tracking Protection for the website you’re on by clicking “Disable protection for this site.”
It’s easy to turn off Tracking Protection for the website you’re on by clicking “Disable protection for this session.”
It’s easy to turn on Tracking Protection for the website you’re on by clicking “Enable protection.”
3 of 3
Got it!
Tracking Protection
Private Browsing with Tracking Protection
Want to turn off this feature? Visit Privacy Preferences
Thanks for learning about Tracking Protection.
Thanks for learning about the new Private Browsing with Tracking Protection.
Learn more about how it works by visiting the FAQ page.
Restart tour
Download Firefox for Android and iOS
Your Firefox is up to date.
The new Firefox
Send Firefox to your phone and unleash your Internet.
Download Firefox for your smartphone and tablet.
Firefox is up to date
The new Firefox. Fast for good.
The new Firefox
Fast for good
This is what you’ve been waiting for — the fastest Firefox ever.
See what’s new with Firefox
Congrats! You’re using the latest version of Firefox.
Take Firefox with You
Get your bookmarks, history, passwords and other settings on all your devices.
Learn more about Firefox Accounts
Sync up with Firefox on mobile:
See what’s new with Firefox
Get a Firefox Account
Download the Firefox Mobile App
Get the Firefox Focus Mobile App
Congrats! You’re using the latest version of Firefox.
Firefox Account: Simplify your online life.
Send pages instantly between your devices
Sync bookmarks, history and more
View content offline and anytime with Pocket
Find out more
Get the Firefox Mobile App
Privacy minded. Packed with features. Perfect for multitasking on mobile.
All the things you love about Firefox, plus time-saving features. Sync bookmarks, passwords, and share links instantly between your devices.
Send yourself a download link. We won’t store your info or spam you.
Scan the QR code to download the app on your device.
QR code
Download on the App Store
Get the Firefox Focus App
Privacy obsessed. Automatic ad blocking. Monotasking perfected.
Our easy-to-use mobile browser includes always-on tracking protection and erases your browsing data after every session.
Mozilla Advocacy
Rallying citizens to protect the open Internet
Mozilla’s advocacy engine works with allies to cultivate a global force of tens of millions of people, who are aware of the issues that are vital to the future of the open Internet and prepared to take action in support of the rights of citizens of the web.
We are dedicated to building a world where:
People are making more conscious choices to build and protect the open Internet
Companies and governments create products, policies and laws to support the open Internet because of public pressure to do so
How we work: A focus on depth and scale
Mozilla’s advocacy approach incorporates both scale to depth and depth to scale to properly address the diversity of issues that we work on.
This approach enables Mozilla to simultaneously build our capacity to mobilize millions of people quickly and grow our organizing power in local communities, which will make it possible to win on our issues in the long-term.
We also push ourselves to be proactive — setting the topic and tone of the conversation, and promoting solutions — as well as reactive to current events or undesirable policies when necessary.
Our initiatives
Mozilla’s Advocacy Engine consists of five key initiatives:
Campaigns.
Our campaigns amplify the Mozilla community’s collective voice, in order to address the issues we believe must be tackled in the current era to build the open Internet we want. Example: Encrypt
Online.
Naturally, the pulse of the movement to protect the open Internet lives on the web. We nurture a strong online community with a bias toward action, and drive mass digital mobilization behind our campaigns.
Media.
We tell creative, compelling stories that bring the biggest challenges and opportunities facing the open Internet to life, and into the mainstream.
Field.
We connect, support and amplify the work of technologists, policy wonks, artists and activists committed to helping shape and drive Mozilla’s campaigns.
Infrastructure and networks.
The foundation that supports and drives our advocacy work, by bringing together awesome people, organizations and technology to fuel our campaigns and the wider movement. Example: Open Web Fellows
Firefox for Android
Welcome
Mobilized
Action
Community
Sustainability
Click to play this video
Mozilla‘s vision of the Internet is a place where anyone can access information, a place where everyone can hack and tinker; one that has openness, freedom and transparency; where users have control over their personal data and where all minds have the freedom to create and to consume without walls or tight restrictions.
In less than 20 years the Internet has changed our lives. It is a powerful platform with unprecedented opportunity and connectedness. But even with great growth and innovation there are significant challenges to this vision of a healthy Internet.
Mozilla is mobilized to ensure the protection of the Web and to empower tomorrow’s webmakers and Web users. Today, Mozilla is growing — with more employees, contributors, products and locations — to ensure that the Web remains an open, vibrant ecosystem. Because, the Web is the platform for building the world we want.
Please explore this site to learn more about Mozilla, our priorities and focus areas that enable us to ensure the healthy growth of this large and precious global resource.
Mozilla Mobilized
Mozilla is mobilizing millions of people to build the world they want. Mobilizing to set the mobile Web free from proprietary platforms and gatekeepers. Mobilizing to empower the world's next two billion Web users. And mobilizing to build a new generation of digital innovators, creators and webmakers.
Moving forward we will continue to focus on building products, technology solutions and educational offerings that incorporate Mozilla values into the Web. Today, Mozilla’s mission remains as important as ever. From Firefox through Firefox OS to our new Mozilla Webmaker educational offering, the goal is empowerment. It’s about unlocking the full creative power of mobile; standing up for user sovereignty, privacy and freedom; and helping millions of people move from using the Web to actively building its future.
Just like we did on the desktop, Mozilla is setting out to ensure that the mobile Web is full of freedom, choice and opportunity.
Just like we did on the desktop, Mozilla is setting out to ensure that the mobile Web is full of freedom, choice and opportunity and that it has the ability for users to create anything they want. With Firefox OS, we can break open the world of native operating systems and closed platforms once again.
Firefox OS is the first truly open mobile platform. Developers are already embracing HTML5, but so far HTML5 applications on mobile have been held back because they can’t access the device’s underlying capabilities the way that native apps can. Firefox OS overcomes these limitations and provides the necessary APIs to show how it is possible to run an entire device using open standards.
Firefox OS devices will launch in early 2013 through Telefónica, establishing HTML5 as a viable platform for the mobile industry. The Web as the platform will free developers to create groundbreaking new apps that work seamlessly across all devices, spurring a new era of innovation and creativity for the ubiquitous Web.
Fast.
Smart.
Safe.
In June 2012 we released an update to Firefox for Android that we believe is the best browser for Android available. We completely rebuilt and redesigned the product in native UI, resulting in a snappy and dynamic upgrade to mobile browsing that is significantly faster than the Android stock browser. This made Firefox significantly faster on Android and delivered a much better browsing experience to users than the one offered by the device’s stock browser. We also added Do Not Track to Firefox for Android to let users express their intent for privacy, even on mobile and are the first mobile browser to offer Do Not Track. Firefox for Android is a critical part of supporting the open Web. This is a great start, but it is only a start. We want these opportunities to exist at all layers of our Web experience.
Firefox for Windows, Mac and Linux
Firefox will always be the part of the Mozilla mission that people can see, feel and touch.
Firefox will always be the part of the Mozilla mission that people can see, feel and touch. We are excited by the progress and innovation we have seen with the desktop version of Firefox over the past year. Several performance and security improvements, memory enhancements make this the best Firefox yet. We're proud of the work that we're doing to make developing on Firefox easier by adding exciting tools for developers, like Developer Command Line, Web Console and “Tilt” the 3D Page Inspector.
Recently, we have been experimenting with ways to integrate social functionality into Firefox. Firefox will support a new Social API that lets developers integrate social services directly into the browser. The Social API will support multiple providers and has endless potential for integrating social networks, e-mail, finance, news and other applications into your Firefox experience. Our first experimental provider is Facebook.
Webmaker: Teaching the world the Web
The unique power of the Web is that anyone can make and build with it.
The unique power of the Web means that anyone can make and build with it. Our new educational offering, Mozilla Webmaker, will place that power in the hands of millions of new creators everywhere.
Webmaker tools, projects and events help educators, youth, media-makers and everyday consumers around the world move from using the Web to making the Web. In 2013, Webmaker will mobilize a global community of mentors, instructors and youth to teach and learn together; advance revolutionary Webmaker software tools like Popcorn and Thimble; and work together to build a more Web-literate planet.
Webmaker: Video
Click to view this video
Advocating for Web standards
Mozilla will continue to contribute to Web standards.
Mozilla has always contributed to Web standards, going back as far as the start of the project, and we will continue to do that moving forward. We co-founded the WHAT-WG to kick off HTML5. We are a leader in JavaScript standardization. We have some of the top CSS and layout experts in the world.
Standards are a multi-vendor effort, but Mozilla is proud of the many technologies we have pioneered and submitted to standards bodies to make them interoperable for the Web as a whole. Some examples of these include geolocation, WebGL, the Gamepad API, Web Telephony and IndexedDB.
Fighting for you: Standing up for your security, privacy and freedom
Mozilla is proudly non-profit and answers to no one but you. That means we're uniquely able to fight for users at a critical moment in the Web's history. Looking forward, we will mobilize millions of people to stand up for privacy, security and online freedom. We will take on new threats to the Web's future — from locked down proprietary platforms, to would-be censors and gatekeepers, to short-sighted government legislation. Together we will set the mobile Web free, reassert the vital importance of privacy and user sovereignty, and join others in building a more Web-literate world.
Do Not Track
Our Internet experiences involve more of our personal data, which forms a picture or profile of who we are online. The ability for organizations to monitor, log, store, use, correlate and sell information about who we are and what we do has huge implications for individuals and for society.
In an effort to give users more control over their Web experiences, we developed the Do Not Track feature in Firefox. We also became the first browser manufacturer to offer it on multiple platforms, including Windows, Mac, Linux and Android. Do Not Track is even available for Firefox OS so that user privacy settings can be controlled on a system-wide level to ensure that every third-party application on a user's device respects their choice.
Do Not Track is important because it gives users a voice online to express their preference for privacy and personalization. It captures the user’s intent and allows them to put their hand up and ask for privacy online.
Mozilla was instrumental in the movement to motivate the Web community to act against the Stop Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP act. These laws, had they gone into effect, would have given the US government and private businesses incredible censorship powers that would have global ramifications, weaken the Internet's security and discourage innovation and investment worldwide.
Mozilla was one of many organizations that blacked out its websites in opposition to the SOPA/PIPA bills in congress. For the first time, the Web community of more than 15 million people came together to speak against a policy that affected the Web as a whole. This historic protest represented a significant turning point for the Web as a way to engage the electorate and mobilize citizens for change.
Early in 2012, Mozilla warned against the ratification of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) by the European Parliament. In a blog post, Mitchell Baker urged the policymakers that opaque processes were a “bad way to develop Internet policy” — in particular, that the global trade agreement was negotiated in private without open involvement of all the stakeholders. After massive street protests of Net-savvy citizens across Europe, the European Parliament rejected ACTA on July 4th in an unequivocal vote.
Collusion
Mozilla Collusion gives consumers a powerful tool to protect their privacy, arming them with transparency, facts and the power to make their own decisions about how their personal data is shared and used. Made possible with the support of the Ford Foundation, Collusion allows users to see who is tracking them across the Web. It shows, in real time, how that data creates a spider-web of interaction between companies and other trackers.
Firefox Flicks
This year we brought back Firefox Flicks — a video challenge for aspiring filmmakers, animators and creatives from around the world to produce and submit short films. These films made by Firefox fans, promoted and educated users about the issues that affect their online lives such as privacy and security. Most importantly, these filmmakers shared what makes Firefox different using their own voices. Celebrities and film-industry experts helped select the regional winners from more than 400 submissions from thousands of filmmakers worldwide.
Our success begins with you.
Mozilla is an organization that is fundamentally about people and making the Web better for everyone. The Mozilla community is essential to the success of the project. We can’t fight for an open, hackable and transparent Web without people who believe in and support that cause. We have Mozilla communities spanning the world and these remarkable people are responsible for coding, testing, localizing, hosting hackfests and summer code parties, teaching Webmakers, marketing, evangelizing Mozilla products and much more.
Mozilla Reps
The Mozilla Reps program, designed to empower volunteers to become official representatives of Mozilla in their region, has grown to more than 350 people in more than 70 countries in a little more than a year. The program plays a critical role in helping Mozilla execute against its organizational goals around the promotion and development of Firefox OS, Firefox for Windows, Mac and Linux and Firefox for Android. Reps have organized more than 700 events around the world and have successfully recruited and trained hundreds of new contributors across dozens of functional areas.
MozCamps
MozCamps are regional events that bring together core paid and volunteer Mozilla staff members from all areas of the project for two full days of presentations, discussions, brainstorms, work sprints, hackathons and, of course, a little bit of fun.
While the main focus is on community leaders and core contributors, MozCamps also aim to train up future leaders — those Mozilla contributors who have been particularly active in the past six months and represent the next generation of Mozilla leadership in the community.
This year‘s MozCamps were held in Buenos Aires, Warsaw and Singapore, bringing together more than 300 employees and 600 volunteers.
Emerging Communities
Some of the fastest growing and most dynamic communities are some of our youngest communities. They can be found in the Middle East, Africa and South East Asia and many of their members have been invited to MozCamps in 2012 as participants. The Tunisian community, Kenyan community and Filipino community have been doing particularly outstanding work and each comprises roughly a dozen active contributors across many functional areas, including localization, QA, marketing and development. One of the newest Mozilla communities launched in 2012 is in Myanmar.
Contributor Stories
Chit started contributing to Mozilla in 2010 and has been leading community building efforts in Myanmar ever since.
Viking organized the first ever Firefox launch party in Indonesia back in 2007 and has led community marketing efforts across the country.
Keng kickstarted efforts to get Firefox localized in Thai and has been a community lead since 2008.
Claire started contributing to Mozilla in 2009 and is the editor of the Bonjour Mozilla blog.
A passionate open source evangelist in his native Egypt, Haitham became a Mozilla Rep in early 2011.
Ioana has been driving Mozilla hackathons across her native Romania since 2010.
Brian has been contributing to Mozilla for more than a decade and recently sat on the Mozilla Reps Council.
Passionate about reviving Songay, a dialect in his native Mali, Mohomodou has led localization efforts to get Firefox translated into Songay.
Sustainability and Partnerships
Along with this annual report, we released our audited financial statements for 2011. Mozilla remains well positioned, both financially and organizationally, to advance our mission of building openness, freedom and participation into the Internet.
Mozilla remains financially healthy; we continue to hire more people globally, we’ve opened new Mozilla Spaces around the world, have launched significant new initiatives such as Firefox OS and are able to support those with viable resources.
The majority of our revenue comes from the search functionality in the Firefox browser. Google is the largest source of revenue and in December 2011, we announced that we negotiated a significant and mutually beneficial revenue agreement with Google. This new agreement extends our long term search relationship with Google for at least three additional years.
Mozilla has a number of other relationships in the Web community, as well as new relationships with mobile operators, device manufacturers, third-party content partners and other players in the mobile ecosystem.
2011 Audited Financial Statement
Download PDF
2011 Form 990
Read
Done
At Mozilla, we measure success by how much we are doing to improve the overall health of the Web and advance the interests of users and developers. We succeed when we build products that people love, and when other organizations build the traits and features we care about into competing products. For example, we view Google Chrome's recent implementation of the Do Not Track feature we pioneered to be a success for Mozilla and our mission.
Mozilla has announced a commercial partnership with Telefónica for Firefox OS. The specific terms of the agreement are subject to traditional confidentiality requirements. We are developing new partnerships with additional OEMs and operators, which will be announced in due course through 2012 and into 2013. We also have numerous arrangements with app publishers who will be included in the Firefox Marketplace.
The State of Mozilla: 2011 Annual Report
SOPA / PIPA and ACTA
The State of Mozilla
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the key projects for Mozilla in the next year? How do you plan to influence the market going forward?
The Firefox Web browser is and will continue to be a fundamental lever in driving the Web forward and advancing the Mozilla mission.
Firefox OS is Mozilla’s mobile operating system, based entirely on HTML5. Today, 50 percent of 2.3 Billion people who go online do so primarily through a mobile device, and that number is expected to grow. With Firefox OS, Mozilla has set out to develop and a completely open and standards-based Web as a platform for innovation. We've built the technologies and APIs to make the Web a rich and viable option and we are committed to driving forward the adoption of HTML5 as a platform for the mobile industry.
With the Mozilla Webmaker program, we are aiming to move millions of people from Web users to active Web creators who will build the next great Web experiences. The goal is to create a more Web literate planet through tools and learning programs that fuel creativity on the Web.
How do you measure success?
At Mozilla, we measure success by how much we are doing to improve the overall health of the Web and advance the interests of users and developers. We succeed when we build products that people love, and when other organizations build build the traits and features we care about into competing products. For example, we view Google Chrome's recent implementation of the Do Not Track feature we pioneered to be a success for Mozilla and our mission.
Unlike our major competitors, Mozilla achieves success by helping more people make choices about what software they want to use, what level of participation they would like to have online, and how to take part in building a better Internet. When we see growth in community contributors, software localizations, and a competitive browser market, for example, we know we are moving toward our goals and we are seeing growth in these areas.
What was Mozilla’s total revenue for 2011?
Mozilla’s consolidated reported revenue (Mozilla Foundation and all subsidiaries) for 2011 was $163M (US), up approximately 33 percent from $123M in 2010.
How does Mozilla generate revenue?
The majority of Mozilla’s revenue is generated from search and commerce functionality included in our Firefox product through all major search partners including Google, Bing, Yahoo, Yandex, Amazon, Ebay and others. Mozilla’s reported revenues also include very important individual and corporate donations and grants, which are growing significantly, as well as other forms of income from our investable assets.
Are you exploring partnership opportunities to diversify your revenue stream?
We currently have several key business partnerships and are actively exploring new partnership opportunities as well as other potential revenue opportunities. We’ll continue to build great products that help people enjoy the richness of the Internet, and we’re confident that this allows us to identify appropriate sources of revenue that serve both the mission and our users.
Some key Mozilla Foundation projects, like Collusion, have received grants from organizations such as the Ford Foundation.
What is the status of the organization’s search partnerships?
We currently have partnerships with a number of search providers that differ by market. In December 2011, we announced a new agreement with Google as the default search provider in Firefox. This new agreement extends our long-term search relationship with Google for at least three additional years. The specific terms of this commercial agreement are subject to traditional confidentiality requirements, and we’re not at liberty to disclose them.
What is the status of your commercial relationship with Bing?
Bing is included as a search provider in the US versions of Firefox. The arrangement includes revenue-sharing based on traffic sent from Firefox to Bing's search service.
What happened with Yandex? Is there anything you can update us on with that partnership?
Google is the default search provider on the Russian builds of Firefox. Yandex will remain in the pre-installed list of search plug-ins. The change is part of the global search renewal that Mozilla entered into with Google, which makes Google the search default.
Mozilla and Yandex will continue to explore partnerships on a number of fronts, including the customized Yandex edition of the popular Firefox browser and the integration of Yandex search services in other regional builds.
What sort of commercial agreements do you have in place in mobile?
Mozilla has announced a commercial partnership with Telefonica for Firefox OS. The specific terms of the agreement are subject to traditional confidentiality requirements. We are developing new partnerships with additional OEMs and operators, which will be announced in due course through 2012 and into 2013. We also have numerous arrangements with app publishers who will be included in Firefox Marketplace.
How much revenue do you anticipate that will bring in the coming year and what is the business model/revenue model in those deals?
We are not providing forecasts or projections at this time. Our main focus is on creating and delivering offerings that address user, developer, and operator needs. At the same time we are continually exploring potential new revenue models that serve both the mission and our users.
What makes you think you can break into the smartphone market with two clearly dominant players?
Mozilla believes that the Web is the best platform for innovation, connecting, sharing and for building the world that we want. With Firefox OS, Mozilla is creating an operating system based entirely on open Web standards. HTML5 is an increasingly important technology, which more and more developers are embracing. There is also an HTML5 ecosystem of developers who are already creating applications for desktop web browsers, while many AppStore and Android applications have already been developed in HTML5.
How many operator/carrier partners do you have signed up for Firefox OS?
The first Firefox OS-powered devices are expected to launch commercially in Latin American markets in early 2013 through Telefónica. We've also announced support for the Firefox OS from global network operators including Deutsche Telekom, Etisalat, Smart, Sprint, Telecom Italia and Telenor, so you can expect more device and OS news throughout 2013.
What OEM will you be working with?
TCL Communication Technology (who own the Alcatel brand) and ZTE are leading partners to build the first handsets to run Firefox OS. We expect to announce additional OEM support soon.
When can we expect to see devices launching in the United States? Europe?
The first Open Web Devices will be launched in Latin American markets in early 2013. Other locations have yet to be announced.
What is the business model for your app marketplace?
Firefox Marketplace will offer developers’ discovery, distribution and monetization opportunities and will also be customizable by partners. For example, with Telefónica, we will provide direct-to-bill capabilities in the device, in the event that app store owners would like to bill Telefónica customers directly. But app developers are free to use their own billing systems. You can read about this in the Telefónica Marketplace Payments Guide for further details of how payments will work.
What are your projections for growth in 2013 in desktop, mobile, OS?
We are not providing forecasts or projections at this time.
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the key projects for Mozilla in the next year?
Our flagship product, the Firefox Web browser, is and will continue to be a fundamental lever in driving the Web forward and advancing the Mozilla mission. Firefox for Android is our popular mobile browser which currently enjoys a 4.5-star average rating in Google Play.
Firefox OS is the first truly open operating system for mobile devices, delivering the same security, privacy, customization and user control that people have come to expect from the Firefox browser. Mozilla has built the technologies and APIs to make the Web a rich and viable platform for the mobile industry. With the support of valued partners from across the mobile ecosystem, Firefox OS phones are now on sale in 10 markets globally (as of mid-November 2013), and Mozilla will continue to advance its development and adoption.
With the Mozilla Webmaker program, we are aiming to move millions of people from Web users to active Web creators who will build the next great experiences. The goal is to create a more Web-literate planet through tools and learning programs that fuel creativity for people of all ages.
How do you measure success?
At Mozilla, we measure success by how much we improve the overall health of the Web and advance the interests of users and developers. We succeed when we build products that people love, and when other organizations adopt the traits and features we care about into competing products.
Unlike our major competitors, Mozilla achieves success by helping more people make choices about what software they want to use, what level of participation they would like to have online, and how to take part in building a better Internet. When we see growth in community contributors, software localizations, and a competitive browser market, for example, we know we are moving toward our goals.
What was Mozilla’s total revenue for 2012?
Mozilla’s consolidated reported revenue (Mozilla Foundation and all subsidiaries) for 2012 was $311M (US), up approximately 90 percent from $163M in 2011.
How does Mozilla generate revenue?
The majority of Mozilla’s revenue is generated from search and commerce functionality included in our Firefox product through all major search partners including Google, Bing, Yahoo, Yandex, Amazon, eBay and others. Mozilla’s reported revenues also include very important individual and corporate donations and grants, which are growing significantly, as well as other forms of income from our investable assets.
Are you exploring partnership opportunities to diversify your revenue stream?
We currently have several key business partnerships and are actively exploring new ones, as well as other potential revenue opportunities. We’ll continue to build great products that help people enjoy the richness of the Internet, and we’re confident that this allows us to identify appropriate sources of revenue that serve both the mission and our users.
Some key Mozilla Foundation projects like Lightbeam have received grants from organizations such as the Ford Foundation.
Revenues from Google have increased significantly since 2011. What changed with that relationship?
Our search partnerships are designed as multi-year contracts. Near the end of each contract, Mozilla negotiates market-value rates from multiple search providers based on the present and future value our products provide. At the end of 2011, Mozilla negotiated a new agreement with Google based on growth and impact from our Firefox desktop browser.
How does Mozilla spend its money?
Mozilla invests in both people and products to further our mission to keep the Web open and to retain our impact on the Internet landscape. We continue to spend a significant majority of our expenses on staffing our technology and development, and recently have increased our spending in marketing new product lines. Over the last few years, Mozilla’s investment focus has been significant in new areas such as our mobile and cloud services products. In particular, the market launch of Firefox OS and significant upgrades to our Firefox for Android browser have advanced our goal of opening the mobile ecosystem for users and developers worldwide.
Mozilla’s tax returns and financial documents from previous years are all available on this site.
What is the status of the organization’s search partnerships?
We currently have partnerships with a number of search providers that differ by market. In December 2011, we announced a new agreement with Google as the default search provider in Firefox, which extends at least three years. The specific terms of this commercial agreement are subject to traditional confidentiality requirements, and we’re not at liberty to disclose them.
How does Mozilla make money with Firefox OS?
The first Firefox OS devices went on sale in July 2013, so are in the very early stages of market development and user acquisition. Mozilla’s focus is on delivering a superior user experience and getting developers excited, and not on generating revenue from Firefox OS at this time.
What makes you think you can break into the smartphone market with two clearly dominant players?
There is very high demand in emerging markets for smartphone technology at a reasonable price without long-term contractual carrier subsidies. By using Web technology, Firefox OS and its apps are one layer closer to the hardware, so less memory and CPU is needed to get high performance. The result is a full Web experience that’s attainable for many feature phone users, enabling people to purchase their first smartphone.
Firefox OS andndash; launched in 10 markets and growing andndash; taps into the largest digital ecosystem there is: the Web. We believe the Web is the best platform for innovation, connecting, sharing and for building the world that we want.
How many operator partners does Mozilla have for Firefox OS?
Mozilla has announced support for Firefox OS from 18 major operators that span the globe: América Móvil, China Unicom, Deutsche Telekom, Etisalat, Hutchison Three Group, KDDI, KT, MegaFon, Qtel, SingTel, Smart, Sprint, Telecom Italia Group, Telefónica, Telenor, Telstra, TMN and VimpelCom. As of mid-November, 2013, Firefox OS smartphones are on sale commercially through Telefónica and Deutsche Telekom in 10 Latin American and European markets.
Which manufacturers are making Firefox OS devices?
As of mid-November 2013, there are three different Firefox OS phones on sale: the ZTE Open, the ALCATEL ONE TOUCH Fire, and the LG Fireweb. Huawei has also committed to manufacturing Firefox OS smartphones, and Foxconn announced in June 2013 that it plans to build a range of Firefox OS devices. We expect to announce additional OEM support soon.
When can we expect to see devices launching in the United States?
Market launch timing for a Firefox OS phone targeted to U.S. consumers is dependent on our operator and manufacturer partners, and we are actively exploring that opportunity but don't have specific plans to announce at this time.
What are your projections for growth in 2013 in desktop, mobile, OS?
We are not providing forecasts or projections at this time.
Mozilla has become more active in policy matters. Are you lobbying now?
Mozilla is not a lobbying operation. Notwithstanding, we take firm stands when the welfare of the Web and its users are at stake.
On issues such as SOPA/PIPA, CISPA, and more recently, government surveillance revelations, Mozilla has voiced its views, sought to educate users and taken steps to catalyze grassroots action. As with most issues of importance, we believe education, listening and dialogue amongst stakeholders are critical to finding solutions. Mozilla has testified before government bodies and provided input to numerous agencies and NGOs on strengthening the Internet. Our acclaimed Firefox Add-on, Lightbeam, seeks to educate users on matters of privacy in their online lives.
Mozilla’s efforts have resulted in being named the Most Trusted Internet Company for Privacy in 2012, according to a study performed by the Ponemon Institute.
The State of Mozilla: 2012 Annual Report
State of Mozilla
We are champions of a Web where people know more, do more and do better.
A Web For All
As the Web expands to reach billions of new people and touch our lives in new ways, it has become an essential part of our individual growth and collective future. And that Web is what the Mozilla community has pledged to protect and promote: a platform providing opportunity, connectivity and inspiration for all.
We live our principles by making products, empowering communities, teaching skills and shaping environments in order to build the Internet the world needs.
At this year’s Mozilla Summit, 2,000 people representing 90 countries and 114 languages gathered to develop a shared understanding of who we are and what we will accomplish together. Below is a sample of perspectives from leaders of the project.
Click to play this video
Play a video of Mitchell Baker
Play a video of Jay Sullivan
Play a video of Harvey Anderson
Play a video of Mark Surman
Play a video of Johnathan Nightingale
Play a video of Brendan Eich
Powered By Mozillians
Mozillians are a diverse group of thinkers, builders, educators and hackers with a shared purpose to bring openness, freedom and participation to the Internet. Our collective global effort advanced Firefox OS from concept to phones in stores within two years, hosted 1,600 events in three months to teach the Web, and many more accomplishments. We’re celebrating our journey and the promising path ahead.
I am a Mozillian
Play the "I am a Mozillian" video
Sustainability
Along with this annual report, we’re releasing our audited financial statements for 2012. Mozilla remains well positioned, both financially and organizationally, to advance our mission.
The majority of our revenue comes from the search functionality in the Firefox browser through a number of major partners, including Google, Bing, Yahoo, Yandex, Amazon and eBay. This 2012 financial statement includes revenue from a mutually beneficial commercial agreement with Google, our largest search provider, that was signed in December 2011 and extends at least three years.
A growing percentage of our revenue also comes from support from the public, including grants and individual donors like you. These donations are directly applied to important projects such as Webmaker, Open Badges and Mozilla-Knight Open News that extend Mozilla's influence in new areas.
FAQ
Welcome
2012 Audited financial statement
Download PDF
2012 Form 990
The Mozilla Foundation
The nonprofit Mozilla Foundation believes the Internet must always remain a global public resource that is open and accessible to all. Our work is guided by the Mozilla Manifesto.
The direct work of the Mozilla Foundation focuses on fueling the movement for an open Internet. We do this by connecting open Internet leaders with each other and by mobilizing grassroots activists around the world.
The Foundation is also the sole shareholder in the Mozilla Corporation, the maker of Firefox and other open source tools. Mozilla Corporation functions as a self-sustaining social enterprise – money earned through its products is reinvested into the organization.
Read the Mozilla Foundation’s 2016-2018 Strategy
Foundation Programs
Working with people and communities all across Mozilla, the Foundation team is focused on fueling the open Internet movement. Our programs are focused in three areas:
Shape the agenda
Mozilla has identified five key issues that are critical to build the open Internet we want:
Privacy and Security
Open Innovation
Decentralization
Web Literacy
Digital Inclusion
Connect leaders
Our nascent Mozilla Leadership Network finds, connects and provides learning opportunities for a new generation of leaders who will ensure the next wave of access, inclusion and opportunity online.
Rally citizens
Mozilla works with allies to cultivate a global force of tens of millions of people prepared to support the rights of citizens of the web.
Products and Technology
Mozilla Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Foundation, makes consumer Internet products that advance the same values outlined in the Mozilla Manifesto.
Firefox, our flagship product, gives increased choice, privacy and security to 100s of millions of people around the world. Product exploration initiatives like our ‘connected devices’ program aim to bring more mainstream products with Mozilla values into the world. Technology initiatives like Rust and Mozilla’s online game centre aim to spread new thinking about open technology across the whole of the Internet industry.
Mozilla Community
The real power behind Mozilla is a global community of 10,000s of volunteers, allies and partners. Members of the Mozilla community participate by doing everything from contributing code to Firefox and teaching digital literacy to translating our software, organizing advocacy campaigns and writing the world's most referenced web developer site.
Get Involved
Join us and help protect the internet as a global public resource. To get started, join our community or make a donation.
About the Foundation
2016-2018 Strategy
Licensing and Trademarks
Public Documents
Careers
Key Internet Issues
Advocacy
Leadership Network
Mozilla’s Key Internet Issues
Shaping the Agenda
Mozilla has identified five issues that we believe must be tackled in the current era, to build the open internet we want:
Online Privacy and Security
People understand and can meaningfully control how their data is collected and used online, and trust that it’s safe. In parallel, companies and governments work to protect our data and enhance our ownership over our digital identities.
Open Innovation
Open is the default: open source and open standards continue to be at the heart of the Internet, and influence organizations and industries products, policies and practices. As a result, entrepreneurs and everyday Internet users can create, innovate and compete online without asking permission.
Decentralization
The technologies and platforms people use every day are interoperable and based on open standards. People expect and demand systems that allow seamless flow and transfer of information and content.
Web Literacy
People have the skills to read, write and participate in the digital world. Together, these informed digital citizens move beyond just consuming content, to creating, shaping and defending the web.
Digital Inclusion
People everywhere can access and have the opportunity to participate in building the entire Internet. Subsequently, everyone on the Internet has the opportunity to access and shape our digital world. The Internet reflects the diversity of the people who use it.
Mozilla and our allies will bring these issues front-and-center by being an increasingly visible public voice, weaving these issues throughout our leadership and advocacy work, and building technologies that take a stance.
The Mozilla Leadership Network
Connecting Leaders
The Mozilla Leadership Network is a global network of diverse leaders - from the young activist teaching web literacy to her community, to the executive leading a global organization - who will ensure the next wave of access, inclusion and opportunity online.
Leaders in this network will take action together to:
Shape and spread the open internet agenda;
Model ‘open’ values and practices in institutions, products and policies around the world.
How we work
The Mozilla Leadership Network accomplishes its work through thematic ‘hubs,’ communities of people with diverse expertise, who are helping others build the capacity to advance the open Internet in their field or topic of interest.
Our current hubs include:
Learning. Educators and librarians committed to transforming learning in our digital age.
Science. Researchers and data scientists committed to making research and practice more open.
Internet Policy and Advocacy. Individuals and organizations focused on advancing open Internet issues.
Women and Web Literacy. Community organizers and senior leaders creating opportunities for women and girls to develop web literacy skills.
Internet of Things. Hackers and designers creating provocative prototypes for what an open Internet of Things could and should be.
Our Initiatives
The Mozilla Leadership Network pursues our goals through five key initiatives, which are reflected in each hub:
Curricula and Training. We provide free and open curricula and training programs to help leaders develop the skills they need to ensure the next wave of access, inclusion and opportunity online. Example: Web Literacy Training Module
Partnerships. We initiate and grow partnerships that enable Mozilla, our community and our allies to maximize their impact. Example: Gigabit Community Fund
Convening. We bring members of the Mozilla Leadership Network together, to learn from one another, exchange ideas and join forces. Example: MozFest
Membership. Members join because they share Mozilla’s vision, and stay because of the strong, diverse community and unique professional development opportunities the network provides. Example: Fellowships
Legal
Terms
Our Websites
Firefox Services
Webmaker
Firefox Marketplace
Privacy and trademarks
Privacy Notices and Policy
Trademark Policy
Downloadable software notices
Firefox
Thunderbird
Get involved
Special thanks to all of you who help report abuses of Mozilla marks, participate in governance forums, give feedback on our localizations and legal terms, and contribute your skills to the success of the Mozilla project.
Get involved!
Protect the Fox
Help us protect our users by reporting abuse of Mozilla Trademarks.
Takedown requests
Report infringement of your copyrights or trademarks.
Report abuse of your copyrights and trademarks.
Back to Legal
Websites and Communications Terms of Use
Acceptable Use Policy
Firefox Hello Terms of Service
Firefox Cloud Services: Terms of Service
Navigation
Pre-release downloads
About
Apps
Do Not Track
Interest Dashboard
Developer Edition
Private Browsing
Need help?
News
Choose the independent browser
Firefox is non-profit, non-corporate, non-compromised. Choosing Firefox isn’t just choosing a browser. It’s a vote for personal freedom.
Donate
Support
Products
Extensions
Add-ons
About Us
Labs
skip to Navigation
switch language
Back to home page
About Mozilla
Get Involved
Careers
Press Center
Contact Us
Language
Other languages:
Page language:
%Y-%m-%d
Legal
Cookies
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Release Notes
Other Systems and Languages
Close
(in English)
Return to top
Features
Customize
Download
Previous
Next
MB
MegaBytes
FAQ
Videos
Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike License v3.0 or any later version.
Report Trademark Abuse
Free Upgrade
Follow us on:
Customize with Add-ons
Learn More
Learn more
Replay
Watch the video
Replay the video
Share the video
WebM format
Ogg Theora format
MPEG-4 format
Mobile
View Full Site
Desktop
Firefox for mobile
Email
Upgrade now
Update now
Privacy
Portions of this content are ©1998–%(current_year)s by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license.
Portions of this content are ©1998–%(current_year)s by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license.
Contribute to this site
Source code for this page
Mission
Tour
Sync
Desktop Add-ons
Android Add-ons
Themes
Desktop Support
Android Support
Releases
Blog
Get Mozilla updates
Share
Mozilla on Twitter
Firefox on Twitter
Mozilla on Facebook
Firefox on Facebook
Forums
Patents
Leadership
Governance
History
Our Products
Software and other innovations designed to advance our mission.
Become a volunteer contributor in a number of different areas.
Menu
Committed to you, your privacy and an open Web
Please turn on JavaScript to display this page correctly.
Firefox Features
Firefox Help
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Congrats. You’re up to date!
Format
Text
HTML
Whoops! Be sure to enter a valid email address.
I’m okay with Mozilla handling my info as explained in this Privacy Notice
Keep up with all things Firefox.
Get Firefox news
YOUR EMAIL HERE
Sign Up Now
Sign me up
Select country
Available Languages
We will only send you Mozilla-related information.
Thanks!
If you haven’t previously confirmed a subscription to a Mozilla-related newsletter you may have to do so. Please check your inbox or your spam filter for an email from us.
Read all about it in our newsletter
Subscribe to monthly updates and keep current with Mozilla news, including the latest tips and tricks for getting the most out of your Firefox browser. It’s the perfect way for us to keep in touch!
Firefox + You
Get Firefox tips, tricks, news and more
Web Innovations
Internet Health
Thanks for choosing Firefox!
Mozilla Firefox Web Browser
Android Browser
iOS Browser
Focus Browser
Desktop Browser
Beta, Nightly, Developer Edition
Download Firefox Web Browser
Desktop Browser for Mac, Windows, Linux
Mobile Browser for Android
Mobile Browser for iOS
Your Firefox is out-of-date.
Get the most recent version to keep browsing securely.
Update Firefox
See what’s new with Firefox
Faster, more responsive and powerfully private. Check out the latest from the browser that has your back.
Show More
Show Less
Choose how you want to share this data in Firefox.
Choose…
Show All
Hide All
Developer Hub
Research
Virtual Reality
Games
Documentation
Hacks blog
Download Mozilla Firefox, a free Web browser. Firefox is created by a global non-profit dedicated to putting individuals in control online. Get Firefox for Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS today!
Create account
Get the app
404: Page Not Found
Whoops!
Did you make a left at that last URL instead of a right? No problem. Here are some tips to get you back on your way:
If you typed in the address, check your spelling. Could just be a typo.
If you’ve found an issue with one of our websites, we’d appreciate it if you could report the problem in Bugzilla, our bug tracker. One of our developers will take a look at it as soon as possible.
If you followed a link, it’s probably broken.
If you’re not sure what you’re looking for, start at mozilla.org.
500: Internal Server Error
Oh Noes!
An error occurred.
If you’ve found an issue with one of our websites, we’d appreciate it if you could report the problem in Bugzilla, our bug tracker. One of our developers will take a look at it as soon as possible.
Community Participation Guidelines
Mozilla Community Participation Guidelines
Version 2.3 – Updated May 16, 2017
The heart of Mozilla is people. We put people first and do our best to recognize, appreciate and respect the diversity of our global contributors. The Mozilla Project welcomes contributions from everyone who shares our goals and wants to contribute in a healthy and constructive manner within our community. As such, we have adopted this code of conduct and require all those who participate to agree and adhere to these Community Participation Guidelines in order to help us create a safe and positive community experience for all.
These guidelines aim to support a community where all people should feel safe to participate, introduce new ideas and inspire others, regardless of:
Background
Family status
Gender
Gender identity or expression
Marital status
Sex
Sexual orientation
Native language
Age
Ability
Race and/or ethnicity
National origin
Socioeconomic status
Religion
Geographic location
Any other dimension of diversity
Openness, collaboration and participation are core aspects of our work — from development on Firefox to collaboratively designing curriculum. We gain strength from diversity and actively seek participation from those who enhance it. These guidelines exist to enable diverse individuals and groups to interact and collaborate to mutual advantage. This document outlines both expected and prohibited behavior.
When and How to Use These Guidelines
These guidelines outline our behavior expectations as members of the Mozilla community in all Mozilla activities, both offline and online. Your participation is contingent upon following these guidelines in all Mozilla activities, including but not limited to:
Working in Mozilla spaces.
Working with other Mozillians and other Mozilla community participants virtually or co-located.
Representing Mozilla at public events.
Representing Mozilla in social media (official accounts, staff accounts, personal accounts, Facebook pages).
Participating in Mozilla offsites and trainings.
Participating in Mozilla-related forums, mailing lists, wikis, websites, chat channels, bugs, group or person-to-person meetings, and Mozilla-related correspondence.
These guidelines work in conjunction with our Anti-Harassment/Discrimination Policies[1], which sets out protections for, and obligations of, Mozilla employees. The Anti-Harassment/Discrimination Policy is crafted with specific legal definitions and requirements in mind.
If you experience behavior outside of Mozilla communities, in person or online, that makes participation in Mozilla not a safe and positive community experience for all, please contact us at inclusion@mozilla.com. While these guidelines / code of conduct are specifically aimed at Mozilla’s work and community, we recognize that it is possible for actions taken outside of Mozilla’s online or inperson spaces to have a deep impact on community health. (For example, in the past, we publicly identified an anonymous posting aimed at a Mozilla employee in a non-Mozilla forum as clear grounds for removal from the Mozilla community.) This is an active topic in the diversity and inclusion realm. We anticipate wide-ranging discussions among our communities about appropriate boundaries.
Expected Behavior
The following behaviors are expected of all Mozillians:
Be Respectful
Value each other’s ideas, styles and viewpoints. We may not always agree, but disagreement is no excuse for poor manners. Be open to different possibilities and to being wrong. Be kind in all interactions and communications, especially when debating the merits of different options. Be aware of your impact and how intense interactions may be affecting people. Be direct, constructive and positive. Take responsibility for your impact and your mistakes – if someone says they have been harmed through your words or actions, listen carefully, apologize sincerely, and correct the behavior going forward.
Be Direct but Professional
We are likely to have some discussions about if and when criticism is respectful and when it’s not. We must be able to speak directly when we disagree and when we think we need to improve. We cannot withhold hard truths. Doing so respectfully is hard, doing so when others don’t seem to be listening is harder, and hearing such comments when one is the recipient can be even harder still. We need to be honest and direct, as well as respectful.
Be Inclusive
Seek diverse perspectives. Diversity of views and of people on teams powers innovation, even if it is not always comfortable. Encourage all voices. Help new perspectives be heard and listen actively. If you find yourself dominating a discussion, it is especially important to step back and encourage other voices to join in. Be aware of how much time is taken up by dominant members of the group. Provide alternative ways to contribute or participate when possible.
Be inclusive of everyone in an interaction, respecting and facilitating people’s participation whether they are:
Remote (on video or phone)
Not native language speakers
Coming from a different culture
Using pronouns other than “he” or “she”
Living in a different time zone
Facing other challenges to participate
Think about how you might facilitate alternative ways to contribute or participate. If you find yourself dominating a discussion, step back. Make way for other voices and listen actively to them.
Understand Different Perspectives
Our goal should not be to “win” every disagreement or argument. A more productive goal is to be open to ideas that make our own ideas better. Strive to be an example for inclusive thinking. “Winning” is when different perspectives make our work richer and stronger.
Appreciate and Accommodate Our Similarities and Differences
Mozillians come from many cultures and backgrounds. Cultural differences can encompass everything from official religious observances to personal habits to clothing. Be respectful of people with different cultural practices, attitudes and beliefs. Work to eliminate your own biases, prejudices and discriminatory practices. Think of others’ needs from their point of view. Use preferred titles (including pronouns) and the appropriate tone of voice. Respect people’s right to privacy and confidentiality. Be open to learning from and educating others as well as educating yourself; it is unrealistic to expect Mozillians to know the cultural practices of every ethnic and cultural group, but everyone needs to recognize one’s native culture is only part of positive interactions.
Lead by Example
By matching your actions with your words, you become a person others want to follow. Your actions influence others to behave and respond in ways that are valuable and appropriate for our organizational outcomes. Design your community and your work for inclusion. Hold yourself and others accountable for inclusive behaviors. Make decisions based on the highest good for Mozilla’s mission.
Behavior That Will Not Be Tolerated
The following behaviors are considered to be unacceptable under these guidelines.
Violence and Threats of Violence
Violence and threats of violence are not acceptable - online or offline. This includes incitement of violence toward any individual, including encouraging a person to commit self-harm. This also includes posting or threatening to post other people’s personally identifying information (“doxxing”) online.
Personal Attacks
Conflicts will inevitably arise, but frustration should never turn into a personal attack. It is not okay to insult, demean or belittle others. Attacking someone for their opinions, beliefs and ideas is not acceptable. It is important to speak directly when we disagree and when we think we need to improve, but such discussions must be conducted respectfully and professionally, remaining focused on the issue at hand.
Derogatory Language
Hurtful or harmful language related to:
Other attributes
is not acceptable. This includes deliberately referring to someone by a gender that they do not identify with, and/or questioning the legitimacy of an individual’s gender identity. If you’re unsure if a word is derogatory, don’t use it. This also includes repeated subtle and/or indirect discrimination; when asked to stop, stop the behavior in question.
Unwelcome Sexual Attention or Physical Contact
Unwelcome sexual attention or unwelcome physical contact is not acceptable. This includes sexualized comments, jokes or imagery in interactions, communications or presentation materials, as well as inappropriate touching, groping, or sexual advances. This includes touching a person without permission, including sensitive areas such as their hair, pregnant stomach, mobility device (wheelchair, scooter, etc) or tattoos. This also includes physically blocking or intimidating another person. Physical contact or simulated physical contact (such as emojis like “kiss”) without affirmative consent is not acceptable. This includes sharing or distribution of sexualized images or text.
Disruptive Behavior
Sustained disruption of events, forums, or meetings, including talks and presentations, will not be tolerated. This includes:
‘Talking over’ or ‘heckling’ speakers.
Drinking alcohol to excess or using recreational drugs to excess, or pushing others to do so.
Making derogatory comments about those who abstain from alcohol or other substances, pushing people to drink, talking about their abstinence or preferences to others, or pressuring them to drink - physically or through jeering.
Otherwise influencing crowd actions that cause hostility in the session.
Influencing Unacceptable Behavior
We will treat influencing or leading such activities the same way we treat the activities themselves, and thus the same consequences apply.
Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior
Bad behavior from any Mozillian, including those with decision-making authority, will not be tolerated. Intentional efforts to exclude people (except as part of a consequence of the guidelines or other official action) from Mozilla activities are not acceptable and will be dealt with appropriately.
Reports of harassment/discrimination will be promptly and thoroughly investigated by the people responsible for the safety of the space, event or activity. Appropriate measures will be taken to address the situation.
Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately. Violation of these guidelines can result in you being ask to leave an event or online space, either temporarily or for the duration of the event, or being banned from participation in spaces, or future events and activities in perpetuity.
Mozilla Staff are held accountable, in addition to these guidelines, to Mozilla’s staff Anti-Harassment/Discrimination Policies [1]. Mozilla staff in violation of these guidelines may be subject to further consequences, such as disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. For contractors or vendors, violation of these guidelines may affect continuation or renewal of contract.
In addition, any participants who abuse the reporting process will be considered to be in violation of these guidelines and subject to the same consequences. False reporting, especially to retaliate or exclude, will not be accepted or tolerated.
Reporting
If you believe you’re experiencing unacceptable behavior that will not be tolerated as outlined above, please contact inclusion@mozilla.com and the designated person for your event, activity or Mozilla space. Inclusion@ reaches our Diversity andamp; Inclusion Leader, %(di_leader)s, and our Director of Organizational Development, %(dir_orgdev)s. After receiving a concise description of your situation, they will review and determine next steps. In addition to conducting any investigation, they can provide a range of resources, from a private consultation to other community resources. They will involve other colleagues, including legal counsel, only as needed to appropriately address each situation.
Please also report to us if you observe a potentially dangerous situation, someone in distress, or violations of these guidelines, even if the situation is not happening to you.
If you feel you have been unfairly accused of violating these guidelines, please follow the same reporting process.
Who to Contact
inclusion@mozilla.com
Mozilla Spaces
Each physical or virtual Mozilla space shall have a designated contact.
Mozilla Events
All Mozilla events will have designated a specific safety guideline with emergency and anti-abuse contacts at the event as well as online. These contacts will be posted prominently throughout the event, and in print and online materials. Event leaders are requested to speak at the event about the guidelines and to ask participants to review and agree to them when they sign up for the event.
Reports will receive an email notice of receipt. Once an incident has been investigated and a decision has been communicated to the relevant parties, all have the opportunity to appeal this decision by sending an email to inclusion@mozilla.com.
Ask questions
Everyone is encouraged to ask questions about these guidelines. If you are organizing an event or activity, reach out for tips building inclusion for your event, activity or space. Your input is welcome and you will always get a response within 24 hours (or on the next weekday, if it is the weekend) if you reach out to inclusion@mozilla.com. If you wish you receive notice when we update the guidelines, drop us a line and we will add you to the updates notification list.
License and attribution
This set of guidelines is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike license.
These guidelines have been adapted with modifications from Mozilla’s original Community Participation Guidelines, the Ubuntu Code of Conduct, Mozilla’s View Source Conference Code of Conduct, and the Rust Language Code of Conduct, which are based on Stumptown Syndicate’s Citizen Code of Conduct. Additional text from the LGBTQ in Technology Code of Conduct and the WisCon code of conduct. This document and all associated processes are only possible with the hard work of many, many Mozillians.
Modifications to these guidelines
Mozilla may amend the guidelines from time to time and may also vary the procedures it sets out where appropriate in a particular case. Your agreement to comply with the guidelines will be deemed agreement to any changes to it. In case Mozilla amends the guidelines, the updated version can be found at https://www.mozilla.org/about/governance/policies/participation/. You can sign up for push updates by subscribing to https://groups.google.com/d/forum/mozilla-cpg. This policy does not form part of any Mozilla employee’s contract of employment or otherwise have contractual effect.
[1] The anti-harassment policy is accessible to paid staff here.
History of the Mozilla Project
The Mozilla project was created in 1998 with the release of the Netscape browser suite source code.
It was intended to harness the creative power of thousands of programmers on the Internet and fuel unprecedented levels of innovation in the browser market.
Within the first year, new community members from around the world had already contributed new functionality, enhanced existing features and became engaged in the management and planning of the project itself.
By creating an open community, the Mozilla project had become larger than any one company.
Community members got involved and expanded the scope of the project’s original mission — instead of just working on Netscape’s next browser, people started creating a variety of browsers, development tools and a range of other projects.
People contributed to Mozilla in different ways, but everyone was passionate about creating free software that would enable people to have a choice in how they experienced the Internet.
After several years of development, Mozilla 1.0, the first major version, was released in 2002. This version featured many improvements to the browser, email client and other applications included in the suite, but not many people were using it.
By 2002, well over 90%% of Internet users were browsing with Internet Explorer.
Not many people noticed at the time, but the first version of Phoenix (later renamed to Firefox) was also released by Mozilla community members that year with the goal of providing the best possible browsing experience to the widest possible set of people.
In 2003, the Mozilla project created the Mozilla Foundation, an independent non-profit organization supported by individual donors and a variety of companies.
The new Mozilla Foundation continued the role of managing the daily operations of the project and also officially took on the role of promoting openness, innovation and opportunity on the Internet.
It did this by continuing to release software, such as Firefox and Thunderbird, and expanding to new areas, such as providing grants to support accessibility improvements on the Web.
Firefox 1.0 was released in 2004 and became a big success — in less than a year, it was downloaded over 100 million times.
New versions of Firefox have come out regularly since then and keep setting new records. The popularity of Firefox has helped bring choice back to users.
The renewed competition has accelerated innovation and improved the Internet for everyone.
In 2013, we launched Firefox OS to unleash the full power of the Web on smartphones and once again offer control and choice to a new generation of people coming online.
Mozilla also celebrated its 15th anniversary in 2013.
The community has shown that commercial companies can benefit by collaborating in open source projects and that great end user products can be produced as open source software.
More people than ever before are using the Internet and are experiencing it in their own language.
A sustainable organization has been created that uses market mechanisms to support a public benefit mission and this model has been reused by others to create open, transparent and collaborative organizations in a broad range of areas.
The future is full of challenges and opportunities equal to those of our past.
There’s no guarantee that the Internet will remain open or enjoyable or safe.
Mozilla will continue to provide an opportunity for people to make their voices heard and to shape their own online lives.
Of course, we’re not alone in doing this.
The Mozilla community, together with other open source projects and other public benefit organizations, exists only because of the people who are engaged in making our common goals a reality.
If you want to join us in our mission, please get involved.
For more information about Mozilla’s history, see the following:
Mozilla Bookmarks
Timeline of Mozilla Project
Mozilla Digital Memory Bank
The History of Firefox and Mozilla Posters (available in English and Japanese)
Looking back. Looking ahead.
Mozilla exists to promote openness, innovation and opportunity on the Internet.
Take a closer look at who we are, including some of our biggest achievements and milestones.
Previous
Next
The Mozilla Project launched at Netscape on March 31, 1998, to offer choice to users and drive innovation on the Web.
Proudly non-profit, Mozilla makes products like Firefox with a mission to keep the power of the Web in the hands of users everywhere.
More than 10,000 contributors expressed their support for our mission by paying for a full-page ad in The New York Times on the day Firefox 1.0 launched in 2004.
Today Mozilla has contributors on every continent, including Antarctica (where Firefox is used by 80% of people).
Firefox Add-Ons allow you to customize and take control of your Web experience. Nearly 4 billion of them have been downloaded by users so far.
Firefox Add-Ons allow you to customize and take control of your Web experience. Over 3 billion of them have been downloaded by users so far.
Mozilla is leading the way in online privacy with browser innovations like Do Not Track and Lightbeam that give users greater control of their personal data.
Our global community has helped translate Firefox into over 70 languages, making the browser available to more than 90% of the world's population.
In 2008, 8,002,530 people chose Firefox in a single day to set a Guinness World Record for “Most Downloads of a Software Application in 24 Hours.”
The Mozilla Festival is our largest annual event, bringing together hundreds of creative minds to realize the full power and potential of the Web.
Mozilla Webmaker works to create a more Web-literate planet, providing tools and projects to help people take greater control of their online lives.
Firefox for Android brings the Firefox desktop browsing experience to phones and tablets. Available on Google Play, it has been downloaded more than 80 million times.
Mozilla leads the Open Badges program, an online standard that helps people gain recognition for 21st century skills and unlock new career opportunities.
The Mozilla Developer Network is a community-driven Web resource that provides the best documentation, tutorials and tools available to more than 2 million visitors each month.
Mozilla works to care for and preserve the Web as a shared public resource for the benefit of everyone.
In 2013, Mozilla launched Firefox OS to unleash the full power of the Web on smartphones and once again offer control and choice to a new generation of people coming online.
The work Mozilla does is made possible thanks to tens of thousands of volunteers who believe the Web should remain open and accessible to all.
About Mozilla
A look at our projects, products and principles
More history
Where we came from and how we got to where we are
Governance
Our organization, structure and broader community
The Mozilla Manifesto Addendum
The Mozilla Manifesto
These are the principles that guide our mission to promote openness, innovation and opportunity on the web.
These are the principles that guide our mission to promote openness, innovation and opportunity on the Web.
Our 10 Principles
Previous principle
Next principle
See more…
Pledge for a Healthy Internet
The open, global internet is the most powerful communication and collaboration resource we have ever seen. It embodies some of our deepest hopes for human progress. It enables new opportunities for learning, building a sense of shared humanity, and solving the pressing problems facing people everywhere.
Over the last decade we have seen this promise fulfilled in many ways. We have also seen the power of the internet used to magnify divisiveness, incite violence, promote hatred, and intentionally manipulate fact and reality. We have learned that we should more explicitly set out our aspirations for the human experience of the internet. We do so now.
We are committed to an internet that includes all the peoples of the earth — where a person’s demographic characteristics do not determine their online access, opportunities, or quality of experience.
We are committed to an internet that promotes civil discourse, human dignity, and individual expression.
We are committed to an internet that elevates critical thinking, reasoned argument, shared knowledge, and verifiable facts.
We are committed to an internet that catalyzes collaboration among diverse communities working together for the common good.
Show Your Support
An internet with these qualities will not come to life on its own. Individuals and organizations must embed these aspirations into internet technology and into the human experience with the internet. The Mozilla Manifesto and Addendum represent Mozilla’s commitment to advancing these aspirations. We aim to work together with people and organizations everywhere who share these goals to make the internet an even better place for everyone.
Share on Twitter
I support the vision of a better, healthier internet from @mozilla, will you join me?
Learn more
Principle 1
01
The internet is an integral part of modern life—a key component in education, communication, collaboration, business, entertainment and society as a whole.
The Internet is an integral part of modern life—a key component in education, communication, collaboration, business, entertainment and society as a whole.
Use Open Badges to share your skills and interests
Explore how the web impacts science
Explore how the Web impacts science
Learn about open source code in journalism
Principle 2
02
The internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible.
The Internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible.
Read about open internet policy initiatives and developments
Read about open Internet policy initiatives and developments
Explore how to help keep the web open
Explore how to help keep the Web open
Principle 3
03
The internet must enrich the lives of individual human beings.
The Internet must enrich the lives of individual human beings.
See how the web can connect the world to healthcare
See how the Web can connect the world to healthcare
Explore how the web works
Explore how the Web works
Principle 4
04
Individuals’ security and privacy on the internet are fundamental and must not be treated as optional.
Individuals’ security and privacy on the Internet are fundamental and must not be treated as optional.
See how Mozilla works to put your privacy first
Read about developments in privacy and data safety
Learn more about how to protect yourself online
Principle 5
05
Individuals must have the ability to shape the internet and their own experiences on it.
Individuals must have the ability to shape the Internet and their own experiences on it.
Use these free tools to teach the web
Use these free tools to teach the Web
Learn about creating and curating content for the web
Learn about creating and curating content for the Web
Principle 6
06
The effectiveness of the internet as a public resource depends upon interoperability (protocols, data formats, content), innovation and decentralized participation worldwide.
The effectiveness of the Internet as a public resource depends upon interoperability (protocols, data formats, content), innovation and decentralized participation worldwide.
Add new voices to open source technology
Set your Do Not Track preference
Understand the web ecosystem
Understand the Web ecosystem
Principle 7
07
Free and open source software promotes the development of the internet as a public resource.
Free and open source software promotes the development of the Internet as a public resource.
Explore how open practices keep the web accessible
Explore how open practices keep the Web accessible
Learn how to remix content to create something new
Learn how to maximize the interactive potential of the web
Learn how to maximize the interactive potential of the Web
Principle 8
08
Transparent community-based processes promote participation, accountability and trust.
Participate in our governance forum
Join us as a volunteer
Join us as a student ambassador
Join us as a volunteer or student ambassador
Learn how to collaborate online
Principle 9
09
Commercial involvement in the development of the internet brings many benefits; a balance between commercial profit and public benefit is critical.
Commercial involvement in the development of the Internet brings many benefits; a balance between commercial profit and public benefit is critical.
Visualize who you interact with on the web with Lightbeam
Visualize who you interact with on the Web with Lightbeam
See how Firefox phones seek to balance the mobile ecosystem
Learn about creating web resources with others
Learn about creating Web resources with others
Principle 10
10
Magnifying the public benefit aspects of the internet is an important goal, worthy of time, attention and commitment.
Magnifying the public benefit aspects of the Internet is an important goal, worthy of time, attention and commitment.
Host or join a Maker Party
Learn how to build online collaboration skills
Read the entire manifesto
Love the web?
Get the Mozilla newsletter and help us keep it open and free.
Tweet this
Introduction
The Internet is becoming an increasingly important part of our lives.
The Mozilla project is a global community of people who believe that openness, innovation, and opportunity are key to the continued health of the Internet. We have worked together since 1998 to ensure that the Internet is developed in a way that benefits everyone. We are best known for creating the Mozilla Firefox web browser.
The Mozilla project uses a community-based approach to create world-class open source software and to develop new types of collaborative activities. We create communities of people involved in making the Internet experience better for all of us.
As a result of these efforts, we have distilled a set of principles that we believe are critical for the Internet to continue to benefit the public good as well as commercial aspects of life. We set out these principles below.
The goals for the Manifesto are to:
articulate a vision for the Internet that Mozilla participants want the Mozilla Foundation to pursue;
speak to people whether or not they have a technical background;
make Mozilla contributors proud of what we're doing and motivate us to continue; and
provide a framework for other people to advance this vision of the Internet.
These principles will not come to life on their own. People are needed to make the Internet open and participatory - people acting as individuals, working together in groups, and leading others. The Mozilla Foundation is committed to advancing the principles set out in the Mozilla Manifesto. We invite others to join us and make the Internet an ever better place for everyone.
Principles
Individuals must have the ability to shape the Internet and their own experiences on the Internet.
Advancing the Mozilla Manifesto
There are many different ways of advancing the principles of the Mozilla Manifesto. We welcome a broad range of activities, and anticipate the same creativity that Mozilla participants have shown in other areas of the project. For individuals not deeply involved in the Mozilla project, one basic and very effective way to support the Manifesto is to use Mozilla Firefox and other products that embody the principles of the Manifesto.
Mozilla Foundation Pledge
The Mozilla Foundation pledges to support the Mozilla Manifesto in its activities. Specifically, we will:
build and enable open-source technologies and communities that support the Manifesto’s principles;
build and deliver great consumer products that support the Manifesto’s principles;
use the Mozilla assets (intellectual property such as copyrights and trademarks, infrastructure, funds, and reputation) to keep the Internet an open platform;
promote models for creating economic value for the public benefit; and
promote the Mozilla Manifesto principles in public discourse and within the Internet industry.
Some Foundation activities—currently the creation, delivery and promotion of consumer products—are conducted primarily through the Mozilla Foundation’s wholly owned subsidiary, the Mozilla Corporation.
Invitation
The Mozilla Foundation invites all others who support the principles of the Mozilla Manifesto to join with us, and to find new ways to make this vision of the Internet a reality.
Get to know Mozilla
Learn more about our projects, products and principles designed to help people take control and explore the full potential of their lives online.
The Mozilla mission
What drives us and makes us different
Career center
Want to work at Mozilla? Apply today!
Want to work on Firefox? Apply today!
Mozilla blog
News, notes and ramblings from the Mozilla project
Mozilla style guide
Logos, copy rules, visual assets and more
Locations and contacts
Addresses, emails, support and feedback forms
The Mozilla Corporation
A corporation that serves the public good. Seriously.
Mozilla leadership
Our Management Teams, Reps Council and Boards of Directors
Our products
An overview of what we make and what we’re working on
Get involved
Become a volunteer contributor in a number of different areas
Press center
Press info and other useful stuff
Privacy center
How Mozilla handles your personal information
The Mozilla Foundation
The non-profit organization behind Firefox and all Mozilla products
Volunteer Opportunities at Mozilla
Menu
Why volunteer
Find an event
Meet Mozillians
Get involved
Your country
I live inandhellip;
Volunteer with Mozilla!
active Mozillians worldwide
upcoming events around the globe
languages and counting, on every continent
Join a global community of game-changers.
Volunteer as much as you like. Or as little. It’s totally up to you.
Share your skills and pick up a few new ones along the way.
Volunteering with Mozillaandhellip;
is about more than lending a hand. It’s about learning, collaborating and sharing your skills with a global community of Mozillians — coders, organizers, activists and more — who help shape the Web every day.
See our community in action
How Mozillians help every day
Spain andmiddot; Activism
Philippines andmiddot; Activism
Switzerland andmiddot; Coding
India andmiddot; Teaching
Read his story
Read her story
Want to get involved? Here’s how.
Choose what interests you and tell us how you’d like to help
Stand by for an email that will connect you to the Mozilla community
Create your Mozillians account and share your contributions with the world
Get started
Not ready to dive in just yet?
Here are a few other ways you can support Mozilla right now.
Donate to Mozilla
Read our Manifesto
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Upcoming event
See all events
Communicate
Mozilla communities
Mailing lists
IRC channels
More links
Submit Firefox feedback
Explore Mozilla careers
Get help with Firefox
Subscribe to community events
Get community updates
Mozillian Stories
More
Less
Read more Mozillian stories
Discover even more stories on Twitter with #IAmAMozillian
More coming soon
Get Involved: Volunteer Opportunities at Mozilla
To get started, tell us what interests you.
Choose one for now. You can always contribute to other areas later.
Where would you like to get started?
Coding
More about coding
Contribute code to a whole range of Mozilla products, including Firefox and Firefox OS.
Testing
More about testing
Help make the Mozilla products you use — and love — even better.
Writing
More about writing
Lend your voice to Mozilla — from blogging and social media to providing technical documents for users and developers.
Teaching
More about teaching
Share your skills with a community that’s eager to learn. Take advantage of our free tools, teaching resources and events.
Helping
More about helping
Provide support to users who need it and help everyone get the most out of their Mozilla products.
Translating
More about translating
Help make Mozilla stuff available in other languages. Translate everything from newsletters and websites to copy for Firefox and Firefox OS.
Activism
More about activism
Get involved with our opportunities to support freedom, security and privacy on the open Web.
I don’t know
More about how you can contribute
Not sure how you want to help? No problem. We can find the appropriate contribution activity for you.
Now tell us a little about yourself:
Name
Email address
Country
select
Why do you want to be a Mozilla volunteer?
(Optional)
I’m okay with Mozilla handling my info as explained in this Privacy Policy
Start contributing
Sign me up for community updates
(English)
What particular area?
What would you like to code?
What would you like to test?
What would you like to translate?
What would you like to write?
What would you like to teach?
Firefox
Websites
Firefox add-ons
HTML5 apps
Diagnosing Web compatibility issues
Online services
Web compatibility
Product localization
Website localization
I’d like to work on localization tools
Social media
Journalism
Technical docs for users
Technical docs for developers
Technical docs for Firefox add-ons
Technical docs for HTML5 apps
Teach the Web (Webmaker)
Open News fellowships
Hive - Community networks of educators/mentors
Open Web science research
Community Events
Find events
By city, country, or event:
By date:
month
year
Date
Event
Location
City
Events
Thank you!
Thanks!
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in coding and can’t wait to get you started.
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in testing and can’t wait to get you started.
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in writing and can’t wait to get you started.
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in teaching and can’t wait to get you started.
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in helping and can’t wait to get you started.
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in translating and can’t wait to get you started.
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in activism and can’t wait to get you started.
We’re thrilled to see that you’re interested in volunteering and can’t wait to get you started.
Keep an eye on your inbox for an important message from us.
Hello!
Your Name
In the meantimeandhellip;
You can help by picking an easy task that only takes a few minutes andmdash; or take on a bigger challenge.
Choose a Task Now
Help us tell the world how awesome Firefox is and about all the important work Mozilla does every day.
Join Now
You can create your Mozillians account now to connect with fellow Mozillians.
Yes, create my Mozillians account
You will be asked to sign in before proceeding
No thanks, I’ll just wait for the email
Area of interest?
Helping Users
Testing and QA
Marketing
Localization and Translation
Web Development
Firefox Marketplace
Add-ons
Visual Design
Documentation and Writing
Education
Other
Hi, I’m interested in…
Send us a note and we can get you started right away.
I have a suggestion for Firefox
I need help with a Firefox issue
Please enter a valid email address.
You must agree to the privacy policy.
Please select an area of interest.
Please tell us more about your interests.
Get Involved with Mozilla Today
Try something simple
more info
Connect with Mozilla on Twitter
Stay connected with the @StartMozilla team for news, announcements and opportunities.
Use Firefox on your phone
Get the features you love and the privacy you trust on your iPhone, iPad and Android device.
Discover why we can’t live without encryption
Find out more about how encryption works, why it’s essential and what you can do to help protect it.
Try something more challenging
Watch someone live hack on Firefox
Firefox engineer Mike Conley livehacks and crushes bugs where he finds them in this unscripted, uncensored, true-to-life video series.
Learn a bit about coding
Explore the new Firefox Developer Edition tools that take the pain out of CSS animation.
Start using the Mozilla Stumbler app
Mozilla Stumbler is an open-source wireless network scanner which collects GPS, cellular and wireless network metadata for our crowd-sourced location database.
Mozilla Participation Tasks
I want to pick a different task.
Try another task?
Keep in touch with Mozilla. Sign up for our newsletter.
Find your local Mozilla community.
The Mozilla newsletter is currently available in English only.
Tweet to @StartMozilla and see how your technical skills can contribute
There are so many ways to get involved with Mozilla and support the browser. If you’re ready to fix your first bug, tweet @StartMozilla to get connected with the perfect starting bug for you.
Tweet This
I’m raising my hand to contribute to Mozilla! @startmozilla tell me how I can join you to help protect the open web.
Share on Twitter
Follow @startmozilla on Twitter
Follow @startmozilla
Thanks for following
Install Firefox for iOS or Android
Use Firefox on your iOS or Android phone and tablet
Firefox is the independent mobile browser and by using this you’re supporting Mozilla’s mission and creating a browsing experience that is private and personal.
Add Firefox to your Android and iOS devices
Download on the App Store
Thanks for installing Firefox
Learn About Encryption
Sign the pledge and stand up for strong encryption.
Encryption is how we keep our personal information safe and private. Please join us in the fight to protect it.
Learn more about encryption, why it’s essential and why we need to protect it.
Learn more about encryption, why it’s essential and why we need to protect it.
Become an encryption champion
Take the pledge
Thank you for taking the pledge
Get involved
Watch: The Joy of Coding
Watch The Joy of Coding, then discuss it with other Mozillians
Anyone can contribute to Firefox by finding and fixing errors that people report via Bugzilla. Watch a demonstration of a Firefox engineer live hacking to see what it’s all about.
Watch the intro.
@mike_conley livehacks on real Firefox bugs while thinking out loud.
View more Joy of Coding videos on Air Mozilla
Join the Coding Community and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Join the Coding Community and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Thanks for watching
Thanks for getting involved
Go to Dev Tools Challenger Page
Try out our new animation editing tools in Developer Tools Challenger
The more you know about the web, the easier it is to make it your own. Participate in the web by testing your web literacy skills using the new tools in Firefox Developer Edition.
Download Firefox Dev Edition
Dev Tools requires Firefox Developer Edition desktop browser. To try this task, download Firefox Developer Edition first.
Go to Dev Tools Challenger
Visit Dev Tools Challenger
Join the Webdev Contribute Group and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Join the Webdev Contribute Group and start collaborating with other Mozillians around the world.
Thanks for taking the challenge
Get it on Google Play
Install Mozilla Stumbler for Android
Map the wireless networks in your neighborhood.
Install Mozilla Stumbler
Learn more about Mozilla Location Services and discover more ways to get involved.
Learn more about Mozilla Location Services and discover more ways to get involved.
Thank you for installing Mozilla Stumbler
Meet Mozillians from all around the world. Learn about the projects they’ve worked on and see what they’re currently helping with.
Meet a few more Mozillians
Read their stories here and discover even more on Twitter with #IAmAMozillian
Mozillian Stories
Hi, I’m Rubén, a Mozillian in Spain
I’ve been collaborating with the Mozilla community since 2004, helping with website localization, QA, user support and community marketing. I’ve also helped organize events in Spain and performed IT tasks within the Mozilla Hispano community.
I’m currently helping with:
Mozilla.org localization
Mozilla Hispano mentorship program
Community events
Hi, I’m Faye, a Mozillian in the Philippines
I went to my first local Mozilla event in 2011 and was inspired to do more by all the amazing people I met and got to know. And now, I am the Mozilla Philippines Community Manager.
Webmaker
WoMoz
Firefox Student Ambassadors
Community Building
My passion is for organizing local Webmaker and WoMoz (Women in Mozilla) community events where I can train others and help them develop their skills. I also help out with the Firefox Student Ambassadors program and Community Building.
My favorite part of being a Mozillian is the global community. I like to think of us as a “family” where we accept each other openly and are free to speak our minds while we work together.
Hi, I’m Shreyas, a Mozillian in India
I’m a Webmaker Super Mentor who’s passionate about building a more open Web. I love any chance to bring my community together — whether it’s through MozCafes, teaching opportunities or just getting together to talk about projects.
KidZilla
MozCafes
Maker Party
One thing I’m most proud of in my time as a Mozillian is “KidZilla,” a project that I initiated to educate underprivileged students about the basics of computers and the Internet.
I’m also an avid writer — if you work in Communications or PR, feel free to get in touch with me. I would love to work on something. And if you ever want to talk about Webmaking and teaching, I’m always available.
Hi, I’m Michael, a Mozillian in Switzerland
I started contributing Firefox patches as a teenager in 2008. Four years later, I decided to officially become a Mozilla Rep and have been helping to build the Mozilla Switzerland community ever since.
Hack-a-thons
In addition to organizing community events in Switzerland, I also coordinate events in Germany and Austria, making me one of only a few Mozillians to help pull off events in three different countries — all within a couple of months of each other.
My goal now is to keep growing our global community through localization (translation), hacking and Webmaker projects. If you’re interested, please get in touch.
Internet for people, not profit
Did you know? Mozilla — the maker of Firefox — fights to keep the Internet a global public resource, open and accessible to all.
We all love the web. Join Mozilla in defending it.
Let’s protect the world’s largest public resource for future generations. A few times a year, Mozilla asks for donations. Just chipping in the price of a cup of coffee can help us keep the web healthy, wonderful and welcoming to all.
Internet for people, not profit.
Hi. We’re Mozilla, the proudly non-profit champions of the Internet, helping to keep it healthy, open and accessible to all.
Our impact
When you use Firefox, you help Mozilla fight misinformation online, teach digital skills and make the comments section more human. Check out what helps create a healthier internet.
Working at the grassroots and policy levels, we teach web literacy, provide tools and advocate on behalf of every individual who values an internet built on fairness, inclusion and respect.
Mozilla Information Trust Initiative
Empowering Women Online
The Coral Project
Internet Health Report
Stand Up For Encryption
Teach The Web
Try the Lean Data Toolkit
Read our Internet Health Report
Our innovations
Using the web as the platform, we build open, innovative technologies that allow developers to work free of closed, corporate ecosystems and create faster, safer web experiences for us all.
Common Voice
Gaming on the Web
Virtual Reality Platform
Get Firefox today
Extensions
Personalize Firefox with your favorite extras like password managers, ad blockers and more.
Careers
Learn about the benefits of working at Mozilla and view open positions around the world.
Need help?
Get answers to your questions about Firefox and all Mozilla products from our support team.
$%(sum)s
Enter your own amount
Monthly
One-time
Donate
Working to keep the Internet healthy, open and accessible to all, we teach web literacy, provide tools and advocate on behalf of every individual who values the Internet as a global public resource.
The new Firefox
Fast for good.
Browse faster. For good.
With 2x the speed, built-in privacy protection and Mozilla behind it, the new Firefox is the better way to browse.
With 2x the speed, built-in privacy protection and Mozilla behind it, the new Firefox is fast for good.
We make the internet safer, healthier and faster for good.
Mozilla is the not-for-profit behind Firefox, the original alternative browser. We create products and policy to keep the internet in service of people, not profit.
Mozilla is the not-for-profit behind Firefox, the original alternative browser. We create products and policy to keep the internet in service of people, not profits.
Decentralization: Vital to Internet Health
A decentralized internet, owned by all of us, is where net neutrality, interoperability, competition, and local contribution thrive.
A healthy Internet is created and owned by us all
The Internet owes much of its success to openness: its open, shared structure has made it easy for everyone to build, surf, and thrive on it. But a few big companies are closing in, closing doors, and creating walled gardens that concentrate their ownership and control of the Web. Together, we can fight to make sure no one limits our Internet access, experience, or creation.
A healthy Internet belongs to you.
Here are four areas where we can make a difference.
Net Neutrality
Interoperability
Competition and Choice
Local Contribution
Decentralization means Net Neutrality
No one should be able to restrict our access to the Web for their own gain.
We rely on network providers – telcos and cable companies – for access to the Internet. Which puts them in a position to restrict that access for their own business objectives, favoring their own products, blocking sites or brands, or charging different prices and offering different speeds depending on content type. Net neutrality prohibits network providers from discriminating based on content, so everyone has equal access.
As of December 2016, 47 countries currently have laws in place to protect Net Neutrality.
Source: Access Now
Source: Access Now, 2015
47
How you can support net neutrality
Keep speaking up
The fight for net neutrality continues all over the world. The rules that have been adopted in the US and Europe need to be defended and enforced. Reach out to your government official wherever you live, and express your support.
How Mozilla is supporting net neutrality
Advocating policy change
Working directly with legislative bodies to craft policy frameworks for and meaningful enforcement of net neutrality in the United States, Europe, India, and all over the world.
Building community
Fostering a global community of passionate Internet users who share our vision.
Decentralization means Interoperability
The Web should remain open and interoperable, so we can keep our experience consistent, transparent, and full of possibility.
Interoperability is a big word with a simple result: your Web experience is basically the same across browsers, hardware, and operating systems because it was designed that way – and built with the open standards to support it. Open standards also allow anyone to invent new ways to make your Web experience better. But interoperability is losing ground to closed systems – and we’re losing transparency, participation, and innovation along with it.
Nearly half the economic potential of the Internet of Things relies on its systems being interoperable.
Source: McKinsey, 2015
50%
73% of Internet users have seen someone harassed online and 40% have personally experienced it.
Source: Pew Research, 2014
73%
How you can support interoperability
Go independent
Innovation can still come from anywhere – especially if we support it. Try out apps and products from companies you don’t already know.
How Mozilla is supporting interoperability
Setting the standards
Working with and even leading open standards bodies, like IETF and W3C.
Walking the talk
Building interoperability into our own products, and empowering web developers through initiatives like the Mozilla Developer Network.
Decentralization means Competition and Choice
The Internet should continue to foster healthy competition among companies, opportunity for entrepreneurs, and meaningful choices for users.
A personalized Internet is an exciting prospect. But more and more, that means opting into a single company’s ecosystem – which streamlines your experience right now, but may seriously limit your choices in the future. Competitors will be reduced to those few companies who can offer the whole enchilada, thus consolidating the power of existing tech giants and making it much harder for entrepreneurs to disrupt the market with great ideas.
In most EU member countries, Google controls more than 90 percent of the search market. In some countries, it controls as much as 97%.
Source: The Atlantic, 2015
97%
How you can influence competition and choice
Know the tradeoffs
Make sure you understand the tradeoffs of that seamless online experience before you opt into a single ecosystem. Support the companies and services that best reflect your needs – and your values.
How Mozilla is influencing competition and choice
Opposing gatekeeper power
Advocating for net neutrality, copyright reform, and other issues all over the world.
Championing openness
Building with open standards and open source in our own products, and supporting openness at every opportunity.
Decentralization means Local Contribution
We should all be able to contribute to the Web, so it reflects and serves all of its users.
Today 3 billion people all over the world use the Internet to learn, work, play, and connect. But not everyone is able to contribute to it equally. Which means the Web doesn’t reflect the full diversity of its users, doesn’t work as well for some people as others, and can even marginalize certain communities and individuals.
Chinese, Spanish, Arabic and Portuguese speaking internet users make up 37.5% of the total online population, but only 11% of the Web is in their language.
Source: Wikipedia
37.5%
How you can support local contribution
Start making
Try your hand at creating Web content you care about, in your language. Thimble is a great way to start.
How Mozilla is supporting local contribution
Teaching makers
Providing the tools and teaching to foster the next generation of Web creators.
Teaching localization
Providing the blueprint for localization, so Web content can be made relevant for people in different languages and locales.
Hungry for more?
Read on about Decentralization in our Internet Health Report.
Digital Inclusion: Vital to Internet Health
Digital inclusion means promoting diversity, practicing respect, and supporting universal access online.
A Healthy Internet is Inclusive to All
The more voices, perspective, languages, and people contributing to the Web, the richer the experience for everyone. But the whole Internet is not yet accessible, welcoming, and safe for all. Together, we have the power to shape the Web, and our world along with it.
A healthy Internet is open to you.
Here are three areas where we can make a difference.
Promote Diversity
Practice Respect
Support Universal Access
Digital Inclusion means promoting diversity
For the Internet to fulfill its greatest promise, it must reflect the diversity and experience of all people, everywhere.
As inclusive as the Web can seem, it’s not yet an equal playing field. More than half the world is still without it; emerging economies and marginalized communities are often the last to gain access. Far fewer women are using the Internet than men. And without diversity among its creators, the Web itself will reflect unconscious biases, while personalizing algorithms can reinforce our own.
In nine developing countries, women are still nearly 50% less likely to access the Internet than men.
Source: World Wide Web Foundation, 2015
50%
How you can promote diversity
Create web content
Create your own Web content – like videos, blog posts, GIFs – in your language, local to your area.
Build resources
Support a resource like Wikipedia that drastically lowers the barriers to knowledge – or better yet, help build it. Wikipedia needs more, and more diverse, contributors.
How Mozilla is promoting diversity
Advancing accessibility
Advancing web accessibility standards, and making Firefox inclusive through efforts like our Accessibility team.
Building digital skills
Partnering with UN Women to help women in Africa and across the globe build key digital skills.
Digital Inclusion means practicing respect
We should all have the ability to participate fully on the Internet, without threat to our reputations, our confidence, or our safety.
We’ve all seen our share of nasty comments sections. At times, the Web can feel like a very unfriendly place – particularly for women, minorities, and members of marginalized communities. By discouraging people from getting online, cyberbullying and cyber violence threaten not just individuals, but the Internet itself.
73% of Internet users have seen someone harassed online and 40% have personally experienced it.
Source: Pew Research, 2014
73%
How you can practice respect
Report bullying
If you see cyber violence and bullying online, record it and report it.
Talk about respect
Talk to your kids about cyberbullying, and encourage their teachers to do the same.
How Mozilla is practicing respect
Supporting tools for safety
Supporting the Coral Project, which works to improve how journalists and communities engage on news websites, including tools like Talk, that aims to create smarter, safer comments sections.
Empowering individuals
Creating open curricula that empowers people to create safe spaces online, like the Teaching Kit: Combating Cyber Violence Against Women and Girls.
Digital Inclusion means supporting universal access to the whole Internet
We should all have affordable, high-quality, unrestricted access to the whole Web, so the whole world can benefit.
To participate online, you have to be able to get online. Programs have emerged that offer free or subsidized Internet access, but it is often slow or restricted, creating a ‘poor Internet for poor people.’ At its most extreme, governments worldwide are turning off all or parts of the Internet to serve their own agendas, which can threaten human rights and even the health of the global economy.
In 2016, there were 51 intentional Internet shutdowns in 18 countries.
Source: AccessNow, 2016
51
How you can support universal access
Donate your tech
Donate your old computers, laptops, and phones to non-profits that refurbish and redistribute them to underserved communities.
Donate your old computers, laptops, and phones to non-profits like Reconnect, Students Recycling Used Technology, or Interconnection, who refurbish and redistribute them to underserved communities.
Advocate for openness
Tell your representatives that open and affordable access to the Internet should be a policy priority.
How Mozilla is supporting universal access
Advocating for neutrality
Championing net neutrality, so that everyone has access to the same Internet.
Connecting the unconnected
Sponsoring the Equal Rating Innovation Challenge to find novel solutions for connecting the unconnected to the full, open Internet.
Hungry for more?
Read on about Digital Inclusion in our Internet Health Report.
Protect Internet Health and Privacy with Mozilla
Get involved by reading our latest blog posts on Internet privacy, listen to the IRL Podcast and subscribe to our newsletter.
Mozilla is on a mission to keep the Internet growing and healthy. Join us!
Decentralization
Choice is a good thing
Name 5 websites you visit daily. Now 10, 20 or even 30. Tricky, right? When a few big companies “own” the Internet, choice can be limited, but you don’t have to be.
Browse independently
Internet Privacy
Internet’s got trust issues
Privacy shouldn’t be a privilege. In fact, the Internet only stays healthy if we trust it as a safe place – to explore, transact, connect and create.
Help build a safer Internet
Digital Inclusion
Let’s Internet better, together
More than 50% of the world is still offline. This means we have 50% more creativity and innovation to nurture. Now, how great is that!
More about Digital Inclusion
Web Literacy
Citizens of the Internet
Calling the creators of today’s Internet - AKA you! Learn how to protect your creativity, privacy and independence online.
Check out Web Literacy
Openness
Innovation is for everyone
The Internet was built on the promise that any one of us might create the next big thing. Help keep the creativity flowing!
Support Internet Openness
Data Detox Kit
Get your digital cleanse
Fight toxic data buildup and eliminate anxiety over shared online info. In a few easy steps, you’ll be on your way to a healthier and more in-control digital self.
Get started
Common Voice
Let your voice be heard… literally
Contribute to the world’s first crowdsourced voice library. An open, free resource, it will help innovators create technology that benefits — and understands — us all.
Record in Common Voice
Net Neutrality
Net Neutrality is under threat…again.
Time’s running out. Help protect an open Internet for everyone.
Get involved now
Internet Health Report
All about Internet Health
The Internet got a full check-up and the results are in.
Read the Internet Health Report
Open Innovation: Vital to Internet Health
Open Innovation means innovating collectively through shared ideas and open source code.
A healthy Internet is open for innovation
The Internet was built on the promise that any one of us might create the next big thing. But in order to keep creating, imagining, and reinventing our future online, the building blocks of the Web must be open to all. And together, we need to make sure the policies and laws that govern those building blocks are fair and functional.
A healthy Internet is created by you.
Here are three areas where we can make a difference.
Support Open Source
Engage in Copyright Reform
Influence Patent Policy
Open Source: Keeping the building blocks of the Web open for creativity
Open source should continue to be the heart of the Internet, so we can all see, verify, and contribute to its future.
Open source software – technology built with code that is open for view, use, and modification – is the engine that powers a huge amount of the Internet, from servers to operating systems to the bots that fetch your search results. It’s the infrastructure that makes the Web a truly public resource: transparent, trustworthy, and collaborative, so that anyone with an idea can contribute. But much like our IRL infrastructure, we have to commit the attention and resources to maintain it.
GitHub, the world’s largest open source community, includes 19 million developers, 100,000 teams, and 52 million repositories for established and developing technologies.
Source: GitHub
52M
How you can support open source
Contribute to a project
Contribute to an existing open source project. Become a Mozillian! Or use OpenHatch to match your skillset to a project.
Create something new
Not sure where to start? Try our Open Innovation Toolkit.
How Mozilla is supporting open source
Contributing to the ecosystem
Contributing directly to the open source ecosystem through our products, build systems, and back end systems, and fostering community through the Mozilla Developer Network.
Offering support
Establishing MOSS, the Mozilla Open Source Support program, to give back to the movement we were born from.
Copyright: Reforming laws for our digital reality
We should all be able to share, reuse and reinterpret the creativity that inspires us on the Internet.
Intellectual Property (IP) rights were designed as a practical solution to advance creativity in all its forms: arts, science, business, and technology. In order for IP to continue sowing seeds for the future of the Web, our laws need to support the speed and spirit of collaboration that defines our digital world.
There are now an estimated 1 billion Creative Commons-licensed works online that encourage reuse, including texts, photos, and music.
Source: Creative Commons, 2015
1B
How you can engage in copyright reform
Keep the pressure on
Protests against SOPA/PIPA in the US and ACTA in Europe led to the shelving of laws that may have hindered open innovation. EU citizens: the Digital Single Market could produce good or bad new copyright law. Join us and others in the fight!
Get creative
Keep making memes, posting links, and getting creative on the Web with respectful attribution.
How Mozilla is engaged in copyright reform
Standing up for reform
Making the case for copyright reform in Europe.
Advocating for protections
Advocating for clear protections for Internet users, creators, and intermediaries with the U.S. Copyright Office.
Patents: Building a system that encourages innovation
Our patent system should work with and for open innovation, not against it.
Patents were designed to create incentive for innovation. But the patent system and software development don’t always get along so well. Software patents are often written so broadly that they’re open to misinterpretation, and exclusive rights can far outlive the shelf life of the software itself. All of which creates obstacles and uncertainty for innovators, and leaves the door open for patent trolls and endless litigation.
High Tech patents are the subject of more disputes than all other patents combined.
Source: Unified Patents, 2016
How you can influence patent policy
Use open source software
Look for open source alternatives to the products you use every day. You can find options here and here.
How Mozilla is influencing patent policy
Advocating for change
Advocating for change in the US Supreme Court.
Keeping our patents open
Offering everyone a royalty-free non-exclusive license to all of Mozilla’s patents under the Mozilla Open Software Patent License Agreement.
Hungry for more?
Read on about Open Innovation in our Internet Health Report.
A Healthy Internet is Secure and Private
The Internet only stays healthy if we trust it as a safe place – to explore, transact, connect, and create.
The Internet only stays healthy if we trust it as a safe place – to explore, transact, connect, and create. Our privacy and security online is under constant threat. But there’s something you can do about it: get informed, protect yourself, and make your voice heard.
A healthy Internet depends on you.
Here are three areas where we can make a difference.
User Control
Cyber Security
Government Surveillance
User Control: Deciding who can collect your data
We should all be able to choose – with clarity and confidence – what information we share with what companies, understanding the tradeoffs we’re making when we do.
Right now, we all lack meaningful choice online – privacy policies are often miles long and hard to read, we don’t understand what information we’re sharing or when, and opting out is seldom on the menu.
91% of adults agree that consumers have lost control of how personal information is collected and used by companies.
Source: Pew Research Center, May 2015
91%
What you can do about user control
Control your apps
Make sure your mobile apps access only the info they need. Control your privacy and location settings on iOS and Android.
Manage your preferences
Know your settings. You can manage your profile and preferences for Google, Yahoo! and Facebook ads.
Know your settings. You can manage your profile and preferences for Google, Yahoo! and Facebook ads, and even edit data that’s been collected about you by Acxiom, one of the world’s largest marketing data brokers.
What Mozilla is doing about user control
Writing our own policy
Writing our own privacy policy in clear, understandable language.
Creating supportive products
Walking the talk with our own products, with features like the Forget Button, and Firefox Focus, our private browser for iOS.
Educating the industry
Encouraging and educating the industry about lean data practices.
Cyber Security: Locking down your sensitive information
We should all have the ability to protect our online identity.
At this point, it feels like we’ve all been victims of a cyberattack somewhere, somehow. Data breaches can lay bare the passwords of millions of people, often going undiscovered for years. Which means your identity may be at risk of theft without you even knowing it.
Breaches affected hundreds of millions of accounts in 2013-2016. In December 2016, the biggest breach in history was reported: 1 billion accounts.
Source: Wikipedia, List of data breaches, 2013-2016
1B
What you can do about cyber security
Choose strong passwords
Choose strong, unique pins and passwords, and use a password manager. (Note: we haven’t tried them all – see what works for you.)
Use 2-factor authentication
An extra step goes a long way. For the best protection, take advantage of 2-factor authentication wherever it’s offered.
What Mozilla is doing about cyber security
Supporting encryption
Educating about the value of encryption, and advocating for its universal adoption.
Educating the industry about lean data practices.
Government Surveillance: Keeping prying eyes and ears out of your business
We should all have the freedom to be ourselves — online and off – without surveillance, judgment and imposed societal bias.
You wouldn’t want the government following your every move in real life – there’s no reason they should be shadowing you on the Internet. The Edward Snowden disclosures showed that even democracies can and do take liberties with your privacy.
Just four in 10 (38%) of internet users trust that their activities on the internet are not being monitored.
Source: CIGI-Ipsos, 2016
38%
What you can do about government surveillance
Encrypt your data
Choose apps that keep your conversations encrypted. Here’s a list.
 Choose strong, unique pins and passwords, and use a password manager. (Note: we haven’t tried all the options on these lists – see what works for you.)
What Mozilla is doing about government surveillance
Advocating for reform
Recommending reform at the policy level to improve government disclosure of security vulnerabilities.
Calling on lawmakers
Calling on lawmakers all over the globe to rein in mass surveillance, and helping to pass the USA Freedom Act.
Partnering with educators
Cohosting talks with Stanford’s Center for Internet and Society about government hacking.
Hungry for more?
Keep reading about Privacy and Security in our Internet Health Report.
About
Privacy andamp; Security
Openness
Decentralization
Digital Inclusion
Web Literacy
Stay informed.
Sign up. Read up. Get the Mozilla newsletter to stay smart on the issues affecting your life online.
Stay informed
Get the Mozilla newsletter and stay up to date on Internet Health news and topics.
Podcast
The ultimate Internet Health podcast
Listen up! We’re chatting all things Internet Health and how you can get involved.
Check out our podcasts
Web Literacy: Vital to Internet Health
Web literacy means having the skills to read, write, and participate online. A healthy internet is yours to master.
A healthy Internet means everyone has the skills to thrive
People everywhere should have the knowledge they need to tap into the full power of the Internet – and use it to make their lives and the world better. This means everyone needs to be able to read, write, and participate online.
A healthy Internet is yours to master.
Here are three areas where we can make a difference.
Making Web Literacy Meaningful
Teaching Web Literacy Effectively
Cultivating Digital Citizenship
Making Web literacy meaningful for everyone
Web literacy should mean all the skills we need to think, create, and thrive online.
Many people hear the term Web literacy and think it means learning to code, or STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) education. But Web literacy is much broader than that – it should include all the skills to be confident and competent online. To be empowered digital citizens, we all need to know how to navigate, how to share, what information to trust, and most importantly, how to expand the frontiers of our knowledge.
82% of American middle-schoolers assessed couldn’t tell the difference between an ad labeled “sponsored content” and a real news story on a website.
Source: Stanford University
82%
How you can develop meaningful Web literacy
Learn to spot fake news
Take a fake news quiz, or follow this helpful primer from our friends at the IFLA.
Tinker with X-Ray Goggles
See and remix the code on your favorite Web pages with this fun Mozilla tool.
Join the club
Join or start your local Mozilla club to learn the Web among your peers.
How Mozilla is making Web literacy meaningful for everyone
Defining the term
Collaborating with leaders in the field to create Mozilla’s Web Literacy Map that provides a clear, practical definition of web literacy.
Advocating for education policy
Working with educations and policymakers to help make Web literacy as foundational to education as reading and math.
Teaching Web literacy effectively
Web literacy should be as foundational to education as reading, writing, and math – and it should be taught everywhere learning happens.
Learning Web literacy is like any other essential skill: we learn best by doing. And in the digital world, learning happens not just with teachers in the classroom, but everywhere there’s an Internet connection. We need all kinds of educators to have the knowledge and resources to teach Web literacy the way kids learn it best. And we need to make sure every student grows up not just on the Web, but fluent in the way it works.
Increasing the number of young adults with Internet skills is a United Nations Sustainable Development Goal, and the UN now tracks schools with computers and Internet.
Source: ITU
How you can teach Web literacy
Become a Web teacher
Use these activities and instructions to help your kids and your community build strong Web literacy skills.
Ask for it
Tell your school – and those of your kids – that Web literacy is essential to education, and should go beyond having computers in the classroom.
How Mozilla is teaching Web literacy
Supporting teachers
Giving educators of all kinds the skills and tools they need to teach Web literacy, including knowledge-sharing efforts like Hive Learning Networks.
Supporting youth
Creating opportunities and building communities to support youth accessing the Web and learning how to use it, like our partnership with UN Women to teach digital skills to girls and women in Africa.
Cultivating digital citizenship
A fundamental part of Web literacy is understanding the forces that shape our lives online: the companies building our experiences, the politicians crafting and supporting government policies, and the power we hold as digital citizens to create the Internet we want. Having a say in our shared future on the Web means deciding which values are most important to us, and standing up for those values when they are threatened.
Indian Citizens sent over 750,000 emails to the Telecom Authority of India in just one week, ultimately influencing their government’s decision to ban discriminatory pricing practices.
Source: Motherboard
750K
How you can cultivate your digital citizenship
Get informed
Which aspect of your online life matters most to you? Privacy? Net neutrality? Inclusion? Learn about the issues, and find your own way to take action.
How Mozilla is cultivating digital citizenship
Raising awareness
Creating space for understanding, conversation, and community around what makes a healthy Internet – like the page you’re reading right now, and campaigns such as Reform Copyright.
Educating legislators
Advocating at the policy level to make sure politicians understand the role that digital citizens play in our society, and adopt policies to empower citizens.
Hungry for more?
Read on about Web Literacy in our Internet Health Report.
Read the Mozilla Manifesto to learn even more about the values and principles that guide the pursuit of our mission.
Watch the video above to learn more about who we are, where we came from and how we’re making the Web better for you.
At Mozilla, we’re a global community of technologists, thinkers and builders working together to keep the Internet alive and accessible, so people worldwide can be informed contributors and creators of the Web.
Topics include support, products, and technologies
Volunteer opportunities in a number of different areas
We believe this act of human collaboration across an open platform is essential to individual growth and our collective future.
We’re building a better Internet
Our structure, organization, and the broader Mozilla community
Where we come from and how we got to where we are
Get involved
Forums
Our mission is to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. An Internet that truly puts people first, where individuals can shape their own experience and are empowered, safe and independent.
Our mission is to promote openness, innovation and opportunity on the Web.
History
Governance
Mozilla Open Source Support
Get funding for your open source and free software projects from Mozilla.
About MOSS
Mozilla Open Source Support (MOSS) is Mozilla’s program for supporting the Open Source and Free Software movement, with a yearly budget of around $3 million.
Mozilla was born out of and remains a part of this movement, and we prosper because of its technology and activism.
And we know that open source software remains a key part of the Internet and is essential for the online life of choice, innovation and opportunity we seek to build.
The Mozilla Open Source Support program recognizes and celebrates open source projects that contribute to our work and the health of the Internet.
It encompasses “giving back” to projects that Mozilla already relies on (“Foundational Technology”), “giving forward” to projects whose goals are in alignment with ours (“Mission Partners” and “Global Mission Partners: India”), and improving the security of the open source ecosystem (“Secure Open Source”). ”Global Mission Partners: India” is a pilot effort to focus resources on a vibrant regional open source community - in this case, in India.
Project pillars
Foundational Technology
The Foundational Technology track is open to any free software / open source project that Mozilla relies on — either embedded in our products or infrastructure, or just used to get work done.
Learn More
Apply Now
Mission Partners
The Mission Partners tracks are open to any free software / open source project that significantly furthers Mozilla’s mission to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all.
Learn More: Worldwide
Learn More: India
Secure Open Source
The Secure Open Source (“SOS”) track supports security audits for open source software projects, and remedial work to rectify the problems found.
Nominate Now
A few details
MOSS applications are considered in batches every three months.
Missing a deadline may cause a delay in the consideration of your application.
Information on the next deadline can be found on the MOSS wiki.
Who decides?
We have formed two selection committees to assess awards on the Foundation Technology and Mission Partners tracks.
They are comprised partly of current, committed Mozillians — they bring a good working knowledge of Mozilla’s day- to-day activities and how various open source projects are used.
There are also senior Mozilla Alumni — they are no longer actively involved with Mozilla on a day-to-day basis but have a deep understanding of our project and a different/outside perspective.
Finally, there are other open source experts — they bring knowledge of the role of different projects within the open source ecosystem.
Core Committee
India Committee
Past Recipients
Check out a few of the Mozilla Open Source Support past recipients.
Tor is free software and an open network that helps you defend against network surveillance.
Tails is a live operating system that you can start on almost any computer from a DVD, USB stick, or SD card.
Caddy is an alternative web server that is easy to configure and use.
Godot is an advanced, feature-packed, multi-platform 2D and 3D open source game engine.
PeARS is a search engine run by all and for all.
NVDA (NonVisual Desktop Access) is a free “screen reader” which enables blind and vision impaired people to use computers.
Want to know more?
Check out discussions and ask questions about MOSS in our active forums, accessible either as a mailing list, a newsgroup or on the web.
Discuss
What’s next?
Get the Mozilla newsletter for our latest tech news and more.
Global Mission Partners: India
About
The Global Mission Partners: India track is open to any open source or free software project that is undertaking an activity which significantly furthers Mozilla’s mission, and for which the applicant(s) are based in India.
Ready to go?
Apply Now
What your application should include
Award applications should be submitted by a leader of the project.
Your application needs to meet the following criteria:
Enhancement
The project should be to write or enhance some software or software documentation which is under an OSI open source and/or an FSF free software license (non-software exceptions will be considered on a case-by-case basis).
Project Origin
The applicant needs to be an individual resident in India, or a company or non-profit registered in India.
Usefulness
Activities which are not sufficient for an award on their own include: writing open source software (notwithstanding manifesto principle #7); building something cool with web technologies; and translating open source software into another language.
Endorsement
The specific project activity should be endorsed (on the application form) by someone well-known and respected in a wider software community of which the project is a part.
Mozilla Mission
The project should benefit Mozilla’s mission.
This is normally demonstrated by tying the objective of the project to specific Mozilla manifesto principles or other demonstrated priorities.
We expect the vast majority of MOSS awards to be singular rather than regular — that is, support for doing a particular defined thing, rather than ongoing support for a project in general.
However a previous award proposal, successful or unsuccessful, does not disqualify a project from applying again.
The minimum award for the Global Mission Partners: India track is ₹1,25,000, and the maximum is ₹50,00,000.
How we’ll make our decision
All criteria are indicative rather than determinative — that is to say, they will make us more or less likely to make an award, but none will guarantee a particular outcome.
Selection criteria:
How significantly does the project advance the Mozilla mission?
What sort of reputation does the project have in general, if any?
This includes reputation in technical, inclusion and other areas
Is the project known for something besides the code we are relying on?
Will this award make a significant impact on the project?'
Is the level of funding appropriate for the task to be accomplished?
Does the person (or group) who will receive the money have a track record of delivering?
How to apply
To get started with your application, simply follow the link below.
For deadline information, please check the MOSS wiki.
If you need help completing your application, see the list of mentors.
I’m ready!
FAQs
What is an “endorser”?
We are keen to enable applications from groups not currently connected with Mozilla, and from communities outside the English-speaking free software world.
Therefore, applications for Mission Partners do not require a Mozillian to support them, as applications for Foundational Technology do.
Instead, they must be endorsed by a well-known and respected figure from a wider software community of which the project is a part, who is not directly connected with your project.
This could be a language community, or a national community - it does not have to be the international open source community.
What about tax?
Recipients are responsible to determine the tax implications of receiving an award, based on their respective countries’ tax laws and compliance requirements.
Amounts applied for should be sized such that any tax or other liability that will be incurred is accounted for.
Mozilla reserves the right to use different payment mechanisms or tax characterizations for different awards in the MOSS program based on a number of factors specific to the award.
Your email address:
Language:
Select country
Country:
Read all about it in our newsletter
Subscribe to updates and keep current with Mozilla news. It’s the perfect way for us to keep in touch!
Subscribe to monthly updates and keep current with Mozilla news, including the latest tips and tricks for getting the most out of your Firefox browser. It’s the perfect way for us to keep in touch!
You’re awesome!
And we’re not just saying that because you trusted us with your email address.
Please be sure to add mozilla@e.mozilla.org to your address book to ensure we always reach your inbox.
Mozilla touches on a variety of important issues.
Open your inbox (and your heart) even more — take a look at other topics we cover.
Love the web? So do we!
Join thousands of developers like you who are learning the best of web development.
If you don’t like the Mozilla developer newsletter, you can easily unsubscribe (but we think you’ll like it).
Sign me up!
Thanks for Subscribing!
Your newsletter subscription has been confirmed.
Firefox + You
A monthly newsletter and special announcements giving you tips to improve your experience with Firefox on your desktop and Android device.
Firefox OS + You
A monthly newsletter and special announcements on how to get the most from your Firefox OS device, including the latest features and coolest Firefox Marketplace apps.
Firefox Accounts Tips
Get the most out of your Firefox Account.
Mozilla Communities
Bringing you the best new opportunities to help support the open Web.
Firefox Student Ambassadors
A monthly newsletter on how to get involved with Mozilla on your campus.
Firefox Affiliates
A monthly newsletter to keep you up to date with the Firefox Affiliates program.
Mozilla Developer Newsletter
A developer's guide to highlights of Web platform innovations, best practices, new documentation and more.
Mozillians
Email updates for vouched Mozillians on mozillians.org.
Firefox for desktop
Don’t miss the latest announcements about our desktop browser.
Firefox for Android
Keep up with releases and news about Firefox for Android.
Mozilla
Special announcements and messages from the team dedicated to keeping the Web free and open.
Firefox OS smartphone owner?
Don’t miss important news and updates about your Firefox OS device.
Firefox iOS
Be the first to know when Firefox is available for iOS devices.
Firefox Flicks
Periodic email updates about our annual international film competition.
Beta News
Mozilla Foundation
News and special updates about our work to promote openness, innovation and participation on the Internet, including ways for you to get involved.
Shape of the Web
News and information related to the health of the web.
About Addons
Firefox OS
Firefox OS news, tips, launch information and where to buy.
We can keep in touch with occasional messages that matter most to you.
Submit
Find out how!
Newsletters
About us
I didn't sign up for this.
Save Preferences
The supplied link has expired. You will receive a new one in the next newsletter.
Get up and go
Subscribe
Set your preferences below to make sure you always receive the news you want.
You send too many emails.
Getting too much email from us?
Would you mind telling us why you’re leaving?
Get Firefox for mobile!
What’s Mozilla all about?
I’m interested in:
Format:
Your content wasn't relevant to me.
Don’t forget to check your inbox to confirm your request to get Firefox for iOS updates. If you don’t see an email from mozilla@e.mozilla.org, check your spam filter. You must confirm your request in order to receive the updates.
Firefox
We’re sorry to see you go.
title
Firefox is coming soon to iOS!
It’s your Web anywhere you go.
Your email design was too hard to read.
Please enter a valid email address
Newsletter Subscriptions
Unsubscribe
Mozilla Newsletter
Thanks for updating your email preferences.
We’re glad you asked!
Firefox on iOS — Sign up for email updates — Mozilla
Something is amiss with our system, sorry! Please try again later.
Check all categories that apply to you, and we promise to keep the mail to a minimum.
description
Sign up today to receive email updates about the iOS version of Firefox.
I'm keeping in touch with Mozilla on Facebook and Twitter instead.
Success! An email has been sent to you with your preference center link. Thanks!
Remove me from all Mozilla emails
Thanks for telling us why you’re leaving.
Enter your email address and we’ll send you a link to your email preference center.
Send me a link
Added extras
%s is not a valid newsletter
Englishandnbsp;only
This is not a valid email address. Please check the spelling.
Thanks for your interest in the upcoming iOS version of Firefox. We’re pretty excited about it too!
You’ve been unsubscribed.
Make Firefox do more with add-ons.
You must agree to the privacy notice
You must agree to the privacy policy
Other…
Newsletter confirm
Not interested in our newsletters, but like those special announcements? No problem.
Manage your Email Preferences
This page is in maintenance mode and is temporarily unavailable.
To update your email preferences, please check back in a little while. Thanks!
We love sharing updates about all the awesome things happening at Mozilla.
This email address is not in our system. Please double check your address or subscribe to our newsletters.
We are sorry, but there was a problem with our system. Please try again later!
The supplied link has expired or is not valid. You will receive a new one in the next newsletter, or below you can request an email with the link.
Please be sure to add our sending address: mozilla@e.mozilla.org to your address book to ensure we always reach your inbox.
While here, why not check out some more Firefox awesomeness.
Manage your Newsletter Subscriptions
Sign up below for updates and to be notified when it launches.
Newsletter email recovery
*You’ll only receive updates and announcements about the iOS version of Firefox.
Firefox Marketplace for Firefox OS
Discover the latest, coolest HTML5 apps on Firefox OS.
Firefox Weekly Tips
Get a weekly tip on how to super-charge your Firefox experience.
Student Reps
Former University program from 2008-2011, now retired and relaunched as the Firefox Student Ambassadors program.
Mozilla Learning Network
Updates from our global community, helping people learn the most important skills of our age: the ability to read, write and participate in the digital world.
Download Firefox for iOS
Download Firefox for Android
Get Firefox for Android
Drumbeat Newsgroup
Mozilla Festival
Special announcements about Mozilla's annual, hands-on festival dedicated to forging the future of the open Web.
Firefox Marketplace for Android
About Standards
Get Involved
Download Firefox for Mobile
Maker Party
Mozilla's largest celebration of making and learning on the web.
Aurora
Join Mozilla
About Labs
Read about the latest features for Firefox desktop and mobile before the final release.
Webmaker
Special announcements helping you get the most out of Webmaker.
Addon Development
Firefox Marketplace for Desktop
Put more fox in your inbox.
See where the Web can take you with monthly Firefox tips, tricks and Internet intel.
Sign up, read up, stay informed.
Sign up. Read up. Make a difference.
Get smart on the issues affecting your life online.
Get the Mozilla newsletter to stay informed about issues challenging the health of the Internet and to discover how you can get involved.
More browser features, fewer plugin updates | Firefox
Browse with fewer interruptions. Features from NPAPI plugins are now automatically supported in Firefox. Download the latest Firefox now!
Good news - you’re using the latest version of Firefox!
Even better news - Firefox now supports features that used to require additional plugins.
Need help? Visit Mozilla Support
Better features, fewer plugin updates
Firefox has been expanding to support features that used to require extra plugins. Now, they’re kept up-to-date automatically and managed through blocklisting for added security. So you can stay current with just one Firefox update.
Download the latest version:
Update Firefox
Tired of updating plugins? Firefox has you covered.
As the web moves forward, so do we. Firefox now supports more features that used to require plugins, so you can browse with fewer crashes and interruptions. Plus, our blocklist system protects you between updates.
Hungry for more?
Get the latest andamp; greatest from Firefox delivered straight to your inbox.
Mozilla Products — Built by us, for the Web
Built for the Web
Our dedication to driving the Web forward and keeping it open to everyone extends through everything we do.
Developers
Desktop
The free, non-profit browser for your desktop.
The fast, smart, safe choice for Android browsing.
OS
An open operating system for mobile devices.
A new standard to recognize and verify learning.
A creation and distribution platform for apps.
A better way to sign in to websites.
Safe, fast and easy email.
Make something amazing with the Web.
Our community-driven innovation accelerator.
New ways to explore, experiment and innovate.
A bug tracking system to help manage software development.
Inspect, debug, analyze and more inside your browser.
The layout engine that drives Firefox.
An environment for XUL-based applications.
Firefox APIs
The foundations for building a Firefox OS app.
Mozilla Developer Network
All Mozilla-based Products
All Developer Tools
We’re opening up a whole new Internet.
Explore some of our latest innovations — built with open Web technologies and designed to help keep the Internet healthy and accessible forever.
Bringing Virtual Reality to the web platform
Using WebVR, developers, designers and artists can share VR experiences on the web.
Learn about WebVR
Explore A-Frame
Firefox Quantum for Developers is here (and it’s fast!)
The new Firefox Developer Edition has a new, blazingly fast CSS engine built in Rust. Get it with innovative features like CSS Grid Layout panel and framework debugging.
Learn about Quantum CSS
Check out Servo
Using the Web to change the game
With powerful Web technologies, pioneered by Mozilla, developers are pushing games to a new level.
See what’s new
Meet WebAssembly
Start building
Building the Web of Things
We’re working to create an open, Web of Things framework of software and services that can bridge the communication gap between connected devices.
Learn more
Visit Mozilla IoT
Start contributing
Building a browser that gets you
The next generation of Web discovery is a browser that is more intuitive, useful and in tune with you.
Visit the wiki
Try it now
Inventing a safer programming language
Sponsored by Mozilla, Rust allows browsers, systems and more to run much faster and more safely.
Learn about Rust
Visit Rust
Get involved
What’s next?
Get the Mozilla newsletter for our latest tech news and more.
Blogs
Read the latest from Mozilla’s technology blogs.
Continue reading
Get started
Your email address:
Available Languages
Language:
Select country
Country:
Sign me up!
We will only send you Mozilla-related information.
Thanks for Subscribing!
Your newsletter subscription has been confirmed.
Firefox and You
A monthly newsletter and special announcements giving you tips to improve your experience with Firefox on your desktop and Android device.
Firefox OS News
A monthly newsletter and special announcements on how to get the most from your Firefox OS device, including the latest features and coolest Firefox Marketplace apps.
Mozilla Communities
Bringing you the best new opportunities to help support the open Web.
Firefox Student Ambassadors
A monthly newsletter on how to get involved with Mozilla on your campus.
A monthly newsletter to keep you up to date with the Firefox Affiliates program.
Firefox Apps and Hacks
News for developers about Firefox OS, Firefox Marketplace and the Open Web apps ecosystem.
Mozillians
Firefox for desktop
Don’t miss the latest announcements about our desktop browser.
Firefox for Android
Keep up with releases and news about Firefox for Android.
Special announcements and messages from the team dedicated to keeping the Web free and open.
Firefox OS smartphone owner?
Don’t miss important news and updates about your Firefox OS device.
Beta News
Manage your Newsletter Subscriptions
Manage your Email Preferences
We love sharing updates about all the awesome things happening at Mozilla.
Set your preferences below to make sure you always receive the news you want.
Newsletters
Getting too much email from us?
Not interested in our newsletters, but like those special announcements? No problem.
We can keep in touch with occasional messages that matter most to you.
Check all categories that apply to you, and we promise to keep the mail to a minimum.
I’m interested in:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Remove me from all Mozilla emails
Save Preferences
Thanks for updating your email preferences.
You send too many emails.
Your content wasn't relevant to me.
Your email design was too hard to read.
I didn't sign up for this.
I'm keeping in touch with Mozilla on Facebook and Twitter instead.
Submit
Thanks for telling us why you’re leaving.
Thanks! Please check your inbox to confirm your subscription.
You'll receive an email from mozilla@e.mozilla.org to confirm your subscription. If you don't see it, check your spam filter. You must confirm your subscription to receive our newsletter.
Please be sure to add our sending address: mozilla@e.mozilla.org to your address book to ensure we always reach your inbox.
The supplied link has expired. You will receive a new one in the next newsletter.
Something is amiss with our system, sorry! Please try again later.
Englishandnbsp;only
Newsletter Subscriptions
Newsletter confirm
Format:
You’ve been unsubscribed.
We’re sorry to see you go.
Would you mind telling us why you’re leaving?
Other…
While here, why not check out some more Firefox awesomeness.
Get up and go
It’s your Web anywhere you go.
Get Firefox for mobile!
Added extras
Make Firefox do more with add-ons.
Find out how!
About us
What’s Mozilla all about?
We’re glad you asked!
A monthly newsletter packed with tips to improve your Firefox experience.
Firefox OS news, tips, launch information and where to buy.
Be the first to know when Firefox is available for iOS devices.
Discover the latest, coolest HTML5 apps on Firefox OS.
Get a weekly tip on how to super-charge your Firefox experience.
Read about the latest features for Firefox desktop and mobile before the final release.
News from the Mozilla Project.
Periodic email updates about our annual international film competition.
Email updates for vouched Mozillians on mozillians.org.
Former University program from 2008-2011, now retired and relaunched as the Firefox Student Ambassadors program.
Mozilla Privacy
Contact Mozilla
If you want to make a correction to your information, or you have any questions about our privacy policies, please get in touch with:
Data Privacy Principles
Mozilla is an open source project with a mission to improve your Internet experience. This is a driving force behind our data privacy practices. Read More
Our Privacy Notices
We created short and clear Privacy Notices to describe how each of our products and services receives, shares, and uses data and what your choices are. Learn more:
Mozilla Websites, Communications andamp; Cookies
Firefox Browser
Firefox + Cliqz
Firefox Cloud Services
To review and comment on proposed changes to our privacy policies  subscribe to Mozilla’s Governance Group.
Our ongoing work on privacy is covered by the Privacy andamp; Data Safety Blog and information about our ongoing work is available on  Mozilla’s privacy team wiki.
Outdated Policies
Home
Show Less
Back to Mozilla Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Principles
Mozilla is an open source project with a mission to improve your Internet experience. This is a driving force behind our privacy practices.
Back to Mozilla Privacy Policy
The following five principles stem from the Mozilla Manifesto and inform how we:
develop our products and services
manage user data we collect
select and interact with partners
shape our public policy and advocacy work
No surprises
Use and share information in a way that is transparent and benefits the user.
User control
Develop products and advocate for best practices that put users in control of their data and online experiences.
Limited data
Collect what we need, de-identify where we can and delete when no longer necessary.
Sensible settings
Design for a thoughtful balance of safety and user experience.
Defense in depth
Maintain multi-layered security controls and practices, many of which are publicly verifiable.
Mozilla links
Close (Esc)
Firefox OS debuts at Mobile World Congress!
Learn more
Mission
About
Projects
Support
Developer Network
Products
Innovations
Research
Get Involved
Volunteer
Careers
Find us
Join us
Website Directory
Search Mozilla sites
Search
Partner
Look ahead
Learn all about Firefox OS
Would you like to see this page in your language?
Yes, please!
No, thanks.
Support Mozilla
Looks like you’re using an older version of Firefox.
Update to stay fast and safe.
Later
Official Mozilla gear is here
